THE ONE WITH THE PEDIATRICIAN
Written by: Brian Buckner and Sebastian Jones   Directed by: Roger Christiansen
Transcribed by: Ane B. J.
[Scene: Chandler and Monica's apartment]
(Ross and Rachel enter)
Rachel: Hi!
Ross: Hey! So what's the big news you had us rush all the   way over here for?
Chandler: Okay, our news. My company has asked me to head   up our office in Tulsa , so as of Monday I'm being officially relocated.
Ross: Oh my God!
Phoebe: What?!
Rachel: What?!
Ross: Monday?!
Joey: How long do you have to go for?
Chandler: They said it could be up to a year.
Joey: A year?!
Rachel: (To Monica) Do you have to go?
Monica: I kind of have to don't I? Because of this stupid   thing (Points to her wedding ring.)
Chandler: There is nothing like the support of your loving   wife, huh?
Joey: Wait a minute, you can't go to Tulsa. Maybe you forgot,   but we've got tickets to the Jets game next week.
Chandler: I'm sorry buddy, but I don't think I'm gonna be   able to make it.
Joey: We were gonna go see the Jets!
Ross: You can't go, I mean you're the glue that holds this   group together!
Chandler: Really?
Ross: Not you.
Joey: I can't believe you guys are moving.
Phoebe: I call their apartment!!!
Everyone: No!!! Ah!! Ahh!!! 
 [INTRO]
[Scene: Central Perk]
Joey: Here you are (Hands Rachel a cup of coffee)
Rachel: Thank you Joey. You know what? I'm not even sure   I can have caffeine.
Ross: I went thru this with Ben and Carol. One cup of coffee   won't affect your milk.
Rachel: Yeah. Just to be sure I'm gonna call Dr. Wiener. 
Joey: (Laughs)
Rachel: Every time? (She takes up her cell phone and starts   dialing.)
Joey: Uhuh.
Ross: Rach, you don't have to call whenever you have a little   question, okay? Trust me, I know this.
Rachel: All right, I trust you. (Continues to dial)
Ross: Rachel, I can see you dialing! I don't understand why...
Rachel: I'm on the phone! (On the phone) Dr. Wiener? (Ross   and Rachel walk away)
Joey: (Laughs)
Phoebe: It's so weird seeing Ross and Rachel with a baby.   It's just so grown up.
Joey: I know, yeah. I feel like we're all growing up. Person   named Wiener, God that kills me. (Laughs)
Phoebe: Look at you all grown up.
Joey: Actually, you know what? I am. That whole thing with   Rachel made me realize that maybe I'm ready for a more serious relationship.   You know? Like I'd like to meet a nice mature commitment-minded lady. And looks   aren't as important as...Nah, she's gotta be hot.
Phoebe: You know, I might know somebody. Hey, how about you   set me up with someone, and we double date!
Joey: I can do that, yeah. How is Friday?
Phoebe: Done. Oh good, really?
Joey: Yeah! 
Phoebe: Let's see! (Opens her address book.) Oh, you know   who's great? Sandy Poophack. 
Joey: (Laughs) Poophack... (Laughs)
Phoebe: Yeah... All right, well that rules out Lana Titweiller
Joey: (Laughs)
[SCENE: Chandler and Monica's apartment]
Chandler: (Enters) Hey!
Monica: Hey!
Chandler: I've got good news!
Monica: You got out of the whole Tulsa thing?
Chandler: Okay, I have news. You don't have to move to Tulsa.   You can stay here and keep your job. 
Monica: It's great! How?
Chandler. Well my boss and I worked out a deal where I only   have to be in Tulsa four days a week, so the other three I can be here with   you.
Monica: So you're gonna be gone four days a week? (Thinks   about it.) No.
Chandler: I'm sorry, are you just used to saying that?
Monica: No. I can't be away from you for that long.
Chandler: Really?
Monica: Yeah, you're my husband. I'm not gonna live in a   different state than you for 208 days out of the year.
Chandler: That's fast math! We could use you in Tulsa. 
Monica: Honey, thanks for trying to figure out a way, but   if you're going to Tulsa, I wanna go with you.
Chandler: Hey, you said that without gagging!
Monica: I know! (They high-five.) 
[Scene: Ross and Rachel's apartment]
Rachel: (On the phone) Excuse me? Oh yeah? Well, up yours too! (Hangs up)
Ross: (Enters from his bedroom)Who the hell was that?!
Rachel: Dr. Wiener. 
Ross: Rach, you can't call people at three in the morning. 
Rachel: Oh you know what, you sound just like his wife!
Ross: Was there anything you did wrong with Emma?
Rachel: Yes, of course there is! Okay? I'm not insane!
Ross: Well, what was it?
Rachel: Hiccups.
Ross: Rach, I told you, you can't call him every time any   little thing comes up. 
Rachel: Yeah well, not anymore I can't. He fired us! What   are we gonna do? We have to find a pediatrician. Wait wait, Monica said that   when you guys were growing up, you really liked your doctor. What was his name?
Ross: Dr. Gettleman? Yeah I know, I don't think that's a   good idea. In fact, I think he's dead.
Rachel: Argh! Why does everything happen to me?!
Ross: Rach, I promise first thing tomorrow we'll find another   doctor, but I gotta get up early and I'm not feeling all that well.
Rachel: What? What, do you mean you're not feeling well?   What do you have? Is it Rubella? Because don't go near Emma, she has not had   that shot.
Ross: You know? Come to think of it, it does feel Rubella-like!   (Walks back into his room.)
Rachel: (Grabs the phone and stars dialing) (On phone) (In   a high pitch voice) Wiener, Wiener (In a low pitch voice) Wiener, Wiener!!!
Ross: (Comes back into the living room) Rachel!!!
Rachel: Great! Now he's gonna know it was me!
[Scene: Joey's apartment]
Phoebe: (Enters) Hey!
Joey: Hey!
Phoebe: So how is this for our big double date tonight? (She   is all dressed up)
Joey: (Realizes that he has forgotten all about the double   date) Oh my God!
Phoebe: Ooh, great! Just the reaction I was hoping for. 
Joey: Yeah, so you found someone for me. You didn't forget? 
Phoebe: Of course not! And you're gonna love Mary Ellen.   She's really smart and cute and funny, and I can't tell you how I know this,   but she' not opposed to threesomes. So tell me some about my guy. 
Joey: No.
Phoebe: Come on, give me something. What's his name?
Joey: Mike.
Phoebe: Mike? Okay! What's his last name?
Joey: Damnit! Is there no mystery left in romance anymore!?
Phoebe: All right, we'll se you and Mike at the restaurant   in a couple hours.
Joey and Phoebe: (Ad-lib good-byes) (Phoebe leaves)
Joey: Why did I have to say Mike? I don't know a Mike! Why   couldn't I have said... (Looks through his address book) There's no guy in   there! 
[Scene: Chandler and Monica's apartment]
Rachel: It's impossible to find a good doctor. I mean, how   do you know the good ones from the ones who are gonna push their penis against   your knee?
Monica: Excuse me?
Chandler: I know what she's talking about.
Rachel: We've got to find a new pediatrician. Ross was getting   sick last night, and I think Emma may have caught it.
Monica: Why don't you go see Dr. Gettleman? 
Rachel: Ross said he died. 
Monica: He didn't die. I saw his daughter last week. Said   he was fine. Her on the other hand, botched Botox.
Rachel: Oh, great! Well, then I'm gonna take Emma to see   him. I wonder why Ross said that he died.
Monica: Oh, maybe he was getting him confused with his childhood   therapist.
Chandler: He saw a therapist?
Monica: Yeah, he used to have this recurring nightmare, just   really freaked him out.
Rachel: Why? What was it?
Monica: That I was going to eat him.
[Scene: Central Perk]
 (Joey walks in and looks around. He's trying to find a Mike for Phoebe)
Joey: MIKE!!!
Mike: Yeah? 
Joey: (Checks him out) Okay! (Walks over to his table and   sits down with him)
[Scene: Restaurant]
Mike: I gotta tell you, I can't believe I'm doing this with   you. Although I did just get out of a nine-year relationship, so I guess I   should be open and taking some risks.
Joey: Everything is gonna be fine. Just follow my lead, okay?   All you have to do is pretend to be Mike.
Mike: I am Mike.
Joey: Atta boy!
 (Phoebe and Mary Ellen enter.)
Joey: Okay, look...
Everyone: (Ad-lib hellos)
Phoebe: Joey, this is Mary Ellen Jenkins. So, Mike, how do   you and Joey know each other anyway?
Mike: How do I and Joey know each other? Wow, if I had a   nickel for every time somebody has asked me that.
Joey: (Laughs) From school.
Mike: Yeah, we met in college. (Off Joey's look) I mean,   high school.
Phoebe: Wow, you guys go way back then. So what are you up   to these days?
Mike: Well, I'm a lawyer.
Joey: Mike, 'attorney at law'!
Mike: Actually, I just gave up my practice.
Joey: What? That's the kinda thing you usually run by me.
Mike: I always wanted to play piano professionally, and I   figured if I don't do this now, I never will.
Phoebe: Wow, that's great! I liked that better than the law   thing, so...
Joey: Which is why I waited until now to introduce you to   Mike.
Mary Ellen: I thought you thought he was still a lawyer.
Joey: No, no, that's not what I meant. Let's get you a cocktail.
[Scene: Chandler and Monica's apartment]
 (Monica Enters. Chandler is in the kitchen with his laptop)
Monica: Hey!
Chandler: Hey!
Monica: What are you doing?
Chandler: Looking for restaurant jobs for you in Tulsa.
Monica: That's so sweet. Find anything?
Chandler: Slim Pickings.
Monica: Nothing, huh?
Chandler: No, 'Slim Pickings', it's a barbecue restaurant.   They're looking for a cook. Actually 'cook' may be a bit of a stretch. They're   looking for someone to shovel mesquite. 
Monica: 'Slim Pickings'...That is so cheesy.
Chandler: 'So Cheesy' also has an opening.
Monica: Honey, that's okay. I actually know this woman, Nancy,   who's a restaurant biz head-hunter. Maybe she'll know of something.
Chandler: Can I just say how much I appreciate you coming   with me. When we get to Tulsa I'm taking you for a great dinner at 'Slim Pickings'.   'So Cheesy'? 'Whole Hog'? It's going to be tough to keep Kosher in Tulsa.
Monica: (On phone) Hi, Nancy. Hi, it's Monica Geller. I'm   good. Listen, I'm looking for a job in Tulsa. Well yeah, my husband has been   relocated...Because I love him! No, I don't want a job in New York. Javo (sp?)   is looking? Oh my God! He asked for me personally? Oh my God! Oh, wow, this   is really flattering, but I'm moving to Tulsa. Yeah, so if you would tell Javo   (sp?) 'I'll take it!'
[Scene: Pediatrician's office]
Rachel: Hi, my name is Rachel Green, I have an appointment   for Emma.
Receptionist: Dr. Gettleman is finishing up with a patient,   he should be out shortly.
Dr. Gettleman: (To a patient) I think you just have a cold,   it's definitely not Strep.
Ross: Thanks doctor.
Dr. Gettleman: Would you like a lollypop?
Ross: You even have to ask?! (He grabs a lollypop out of   a jar) (Sees Rachel) (To Rachel) He is alive!
[Scene: Restaurant]
Phoebe: You know, it's so surprising that you and Joey have   known each other for so long and I've never heard about you.
Joey: Yeah, that's because we had a bit of a falling out.   Mike hit my mom with a car.
Mike: No, I didn't.
Joey: That's okay Mike, I have forgiven you. And now we're   friends again everything's great!
Mary Ellen Wait, is your mom okay?
Joey: Please, we're trying to have a conversation. (Pushes   the wine glass closer to Mary Ellen.)
Mary Ellen: Wow, you're a lot nicer on 'Days of Our Lives'.
Mike: 'Days of Our Lives'! That's why you look so familiar!
Phoebe: What?!
Mike: What?!
Joey: What?!
Phoebe: Do you not know each other?
Joey: (Laughs) Of course we do! Mike is playing a game that   we used to play in high school. Yeah, where we pretend we don't know each other.   We played all kinds of games. (To Mike) Hey, remember the one where I punch   you in the face for not being cool?!
Phoebe: Mike, let me ask you something. How many sisters   does Joey have?
Mike: (Joey holds up six fingers) Six!
Joey: What are you doing? I said seven! (Holds up six fingers.)   (Realizes his mistake) Argh!!!
Phoebe: Joey, why did you set me up with a stranger?
Joey: Because I forgot about our date, I'm so sorry.
Mike: I'm sorry too. And just to be clear, I didn't hit his   mother with a car.
Phoebe: (To Joey) You are unbelievable! I spent so much time   finding the perfect girl for you, you know. Mary Ellen is really smart and   cute and loose.
Mary Ellen: Hey!
Phoebe: Who are you kidding? (To Joey) You just find some   guy off the street for me? Oh God! This is humiliating!
Joey: Look Phoebe I'm so sorry! Hey, look, if you don't like   this guy I can find you a better one. (Looks around) Mike!! Mike!!
Phoebe: I'm out of here (She leaves)
Mike: It was nice meeting you!
Joey: (To Mary Ellen) You're leaving too?
Mary Ellen: I'll stay if you can tell me my name.
Joey: Good night! 
[Scene: Chandler and Monica's apartment]
Chandler: Honey, we're leaving tomorrow you've still got   a lot of packing to do.
Monica: You're right. (Pause) Maybe I shouldn't go.
Chandler: What?
Monica: So Nancy told me about this job at this great restaurant,   Javo (sp?). It's just a little outside of Tulsa.
Chandler: How far outside?
Monica: Manhattan.
Chandler: And you're thinking of taking it? (Pause) So before   you said being me with me was more important than any job, but I guess now   it's old job, (Raises his hand) me, (Raises his hand) new job. 
Monica: I'm gonna miss this hand! Okay I know it's a lot   to ask, but oh my God Chandler, this is a once in a lifetime opportunity.
Chandler: What happened to 'you can't live without me four   days a week'?
Monica: Well, if you really think about it, I mean four days   is not that long. I mean, I see you Monday before you go to work, and I see   you Thursday when you get back, and I always work late on Tuesdays, so really   if you think about it, it's really just one day. And well, if we can't make   it one day, we've got real problems my friend.
Chandler: I think you should take the job.
Monica: Really?
Chandler: Yeah. I know it must be important to you when you   start chattering like a monkey.
Monica: That's the nicest anyone has ever said to me!
 (Ross and Rachel enter with Emma.)
Ross: Hey!
Monica: How was the pediatrician?
Rachel: Oh, I really liked him. (Looks at Ross) Yeah, it   was really, really, really good.
Ross: You promised you wouldn't say anything.
Rachel: I know. (Pause) Ross still sees his pediatrician!!!   (To Ross) I don't care!
Monica: Are you serious? You still see Dr. Gettleman?
Ross: He's a brilliant diagnostician!
Chandler: Diagnostician or boo-boo fixer?
Rachel: Ross, seriously! You've gotta go to an appropriate   doctor.
Ross: Why? Why? I know it's a little weird, but hey, he's   a great doctor, okay? He knows my medical history, and every time I go in there,   he makes a big deal. 'Ah look, it's my favorite patient!'
Chandler: Does he say that before he sticks his thermometer   in your touchy?
Ross: Hey, I seem to remember someone bringing his security   blanket to college!
Chandler: That was not a security blanket! That was a wall-hanging!
Ross: It didn't spend much time on the wall!!!
[Scene: Central Perk]
Mike: Excuse me, hi. I was hoping I would run into you. Can   we talk?
Phoebe: Sure.
Mike: I'm sorry, really, I'm so embarrassed. Really, I'm   a pretty nice guy. Just ask my parole officer...Apparently I'm not a funny   guy.
Phoebe: Why did you go along with that?
Mike: Because I was told I'd get a free dinner, which I didn't.   And that I'd meet a pretty girl. Which I did.
Phoebe: That's true. (Pause) Well, is anything you told me   about yourself true?
Mike: My name in Mike, and I do play piano.
Phoebe: Prove it.
Mike: There isn't a piano here.
Phoebe: That wouldn't stand in the way of a true pianist.
Mike: (Plays 'air piano')
Phoebe: You are really good! I play a little guitar myself.
Mike: Really?
Phoebe: Uhuh.
Mike: That's great. What kind of music do you play?
Phoebe: Well, like acoustic folksy stuff. You know? But right   now I'm working on a couple 'Iron Maiden' covers. 
Mike: Do you think that maybe, sometime, I could...
Phoebe: It's okay. Go ahead, ask me out.
Mike: Okay. Do you think maybe sometime I could take you   out?
Joey: (Walks In)
Phoebe: (To Mike) Oh, you just caught me off guard! Yeah,   that would be nice.
Joey: Look at this. My two best friends!
 (Phoebe and Mike look at him, and he goes over to the counter.)
[Scene: Pediatrician's office]
Ross: Excuse me, I don't mean to be a jerk, but the baby   with the rash came in after me.
Receptionist: The doctor will be right with you sir.
Girl: (Reading a book) Mommy, I can't find Waldo.
Ross: With the circus? He's behind the elephant.
Woman: Wow, so your child is a big fan of the Waldo books   too?
Ross: Yeah, that's how I know. I'm Ross by the way.
Sally: Hi, I'm Sally. So, no ring. Can I assume you are also   a single parent?
Ross: I am a single parent.
Sally: It's hard isn't it? There's almost no time for a social   life. I mean, where are you gonna meet someone?
Ross: Well, let's say, I don't know, you met someone in the   pediatrician's office.
Nurse: (To Ross) Rossy, we're ready for you.
Ross: Hmm, yeah. (To a random boy in the waiting room) Come   on Ross jr. It's time to go in.
Boy: Mommy (He walks over to Sally.)
Girl: Mommy, what's wrong with that man?
Ross: Hey, I helped you find Waldo! 
[Scene: Chandler and Monica's apartment]
Ross: (Enters) Oh good, you haven't left yet.
Monica: Where have you been?
Ross: I got held up at Dr. Gettleman's office. There was   some guy that freaked everybody out.
Chandler: Well, you got here just in time. I really have   to go buddy. (They hug)
Ross: Oh man.
Monica: Promise to call me when you land.
Chandler: Of course I will call you. I love you.
Monica: I love you too. (They kiss)
Rachel: Okay, wow, wow, wow. Watch the tongue people, we've   got a baby over here.
Phoebe: Bye Chandler.
Chandler: Awww. (They hug) Bye!
Rachel: Bye honey. (They hug)
Chandler: (Tries to hug Joey but J. moves away) What's the   matter Joe?
Joey: I'm mad at you for leaving! You're nothing but a big   leaver. Big leaver with a stupid suitcase.
Chandler: Any chance you are trying to pick a fight to make   all this easier?
Joey: Dude, you see right thru me!! (They hug) (Joey heads   for the door and pushes Chandler's suitcase on the way out.)
Chandler: Well, bye Mon, bye Ross, Rachel, bye Emma!
Phoebe: Okay, bye-bye! (Pushes Chandler out the door.) Good   trip! (Slams the door)
Monica: (Runs out to the hallway) Chandler, wait. It goes:   Old job, (Raises her hand) new job, (Raises her hand really high) you. This   is just something I have to do.
Chandler: I know.
Monica: I love you so much.
Chandler: I know that too. (They kiss)
 (Joey opens the door and takes Chandler's suitcase into his own apartment.)
[Scene: Airport]
Chandler: (On cell phone) Don't worry, I'll be back before   you know it. Yes it will be the same. Because I know, that's how. I promise.
CUT TO: Monica and Chandler's apartment.
Joey: (On the phone with Chandler) Double promise? Call me   when you land.
Monica: Can I talk now?
Joey: Okay, bye. (He hangs up the phone.)
Monica: Joey?
Joey: He had to board. 
904 - THE ONE WITH THE SHARKS
Written by: Andrew Reich & Ted Cohen
[Scene: Ross is in Central Perk. Phoebe comes in.]
Phoebe: Oh hey Ross oh I'm so glad someone's here could   you zip me up?
Ross: sure.
Phoebe: Thank you. Can you believe no-one between my apartment   and here offered to do that for me?
Ross: people (shakes head, they sit) so why you all dressed   up.
Phoebe: oh umm Mike's picking me up for a date.
Ross: oh yea now um how is that going, is it getting serious?
Phoebe: oh I dunno I dunno, you know I mean I like him but   am I ready to take my grade a loins off the meat market.
Ross: you know I really admire your whole dating attitude,   it's so healthy I'm always like is this moving to fast? Is this moving to slow?   Where's this going?
Phoebe: yea you know you are a bit of a drama queen.
Ross: but you, your so much better off you just go from   guy to guy having fun and never worrying that it terns into anything serious.
Phoebe: I wouldn't say never, you know there's that guy   (pause) well what about (pause) ok well there's gotta be someone.
Ross: There isn't that's what I'm saying. (All happy)
Phoebe: Oh my god you're right.
Ross: I know and yet here you are all ready for the next   date.
Phoebe: I can't believe I never realized this before, I'm   in my thirty's and never been in a long-term relationship oh my god (starts   crying) what's wrong with me.
Ross: no, no, no there's nothing wrong with you I mean you   don't strike me as the type of person that wants to get married anyway.
Phoebe: I wanna get married (grabs a tissue)
Ross: please don't cry because of me pheebs I don't know   what I'm talking about, I've been divorced three times.
Phoebe: least you've been married, OH MY GOD! I wanna trade   lives with Ross (cries more)
Mike: Phoebe (comes in smiling then sees Phoebe crying)   what's wrong?
Phoebe: nothing, I'm excited about our date, Mike this is   Ross Geller this is Mike Haaaaa (starts crying)
Ross: I'm sorry I didn't catch.
Mike: its Mike Hanagen
Ross: Oh Ross Geller
Mike: Hey, so are you sure your ready to go.
Phoebe: uh huh (terns to Ross) how do I look (all her make   up has gone everywhere)
Ross: do you have a compact in your purse?
Phoebe: (goes to cry) No
Ross: you look great.
(Opening Credits)
 [Scene: Monica enters Central Perk.]
Monica:: hey Joey
Joey: Hey, this girl won't turn around and I can't tell   whether she's hot or not, what do you think?
Monica:: Joey I am not going to objectify woman with you   (looks at the woman) but if her face is as nice as her ass woah mamma.
Joey: Alright thanks, Oh hey have you talked to Chandler?
Monica:: yeah he has to stay in Tulsa this weekend
Joey: how come?
Monica:: he has to work, there's some rush on the big (pause,   thinks) ah damn it one of these days I'm really gonna have to start listening   when he talks about his job.
Joey: oh why don't you fly out there and surprise him.
Monica:: maybe I will go (thinks) yea will have a second   honeymoon at the Tulsa romana.
Joey: oh and you know what you should bring the black see-through   teddy with the attached garters. (Nods)
Monica:: how do you know I have one of those?
Joey: didn't till just now.
 (Monica goes to the back and Joey looks at the girl)
Joey: hot not hot (she turns around) Hot!
 Hayley: excuse me?
Joey: I said I think you're hot and now I'm embarrassed.
 Hayley: oh I thought you said Hi.
Joey: that would've been better, I'll try that Hi I'm Joey.
 Hayley: I'm Hayley.
Joey: look I don't usually ask out women that I meet in   coffeehouses
 Gunther: HA!
Joey: (turns round) gesundheit
 Hayley: I would love to go out with you.
Joey: really, great, did I actually ask you?
 Hayley: no that's just where you were going I just figured that I'd help   you out, you don't seem like the kind of guy that does this very a lot.
 Gunther: HA!
Joey: (turns round again) seriously Gunther you should see   someone about that cold, if it gets much worse you could DIE! (Gunther looks   scared)
 [Scene: Ross is at Phoebe's.]
Ross: so how'd the date go?
Phoebe: well it was awful every time I thought about what   you said I started crying.
Ross: So he hasn't called?
Phoebe: would you call this girl? (Puts on a crying act)   thanks-fo-r-a-love-ly-even-ing
Ross: now I feel terrible this is all my fault.
Phoebe: well you not what you should feel terrible about,   this could have been my serious guy he was sweet and smart and funny. Do you   know how hard it is to meet a guy like that?
Ross: We are a rare breed.
 [Scene: Joey is back at Hayleys apartment.]
 Hayley: what a great dinner.
Joey: yeah and hey thanks again for letting me having that   last piece of cake at the restaurant.
 Hayley: (laughs) your welcome again, I'm gonna make some coffee can I get   you anything?
Joey: do you have any cake?
 (Hayley laughs and goes into the kitchen thinking it's a joke, Joey doesn't   see what's so funny about it)
 >>> Joey's Subconscious   So this is going pretty good. dinner was nice, got a lot in common. (Sees a  magazine) Victoria's secret huh we even like the same books. (Walks over  to a painting on the wall) Oh now there's a scary painting. wait a minute  I think I've been scared by that painting before. (Looks around) You know  what this whole place look familiar I have definitely been in this apartment  I know I've seen this weird plant before (it's a cactus and he touch's it)  AWCH! It did that the last time. Oh my god, I've gone out with this girl  before yeah we had sex on this couch and then on that chair and no. no we  didn't do it hear which is weird because it seems like a perfectly good place.
Joey: (bends down to see and the cactus pricks him in the   ass) AWCH! That's why.
 [Scene: Ross goes to see Mike to explain about Phoebe.]
Ross: (He knocks at the door, Mike opens it) Hey Mike sorry   to just drop by like this, can I come in?
Mike: Sure (looks confused) who are you?
Ross: I'm Ross, Phoebe's friend from the coffeehouse.
Mike: Oh.
Ross: yeah I really, really need to talk to you about something.
Mike: Ok, unless you're not gonna try to get me to join   a cult are you?
Ross: (laughs) No
Mike: oh it's just you have that look (shuts the front door)
Ross: Damn super cuts!
Mike: what's up is Phoebe ok?
Ross: oh no yeah, no Phoebe is great, but umm I'm an idiot   look right before you guys went out I accidentally got her all upset.
Mike: that's why she was weird.
Ross: yes, yeah I said something stupid about her never   having had a serious relationship, but you should know she is so much fun,   a wonderful person please don't blow her off.
Mike: I'm not blowing her off, I actually just got off the   phone with her, were going out tomorrow night, I mean I hope that's ok with   you stranger from the coffee house.
Ross: well then I didn't need to bother you or the four   other Mike Hanagens I bothered.
Mike: hey wait wait wait wait wait! Is that true what you   said Phoebe's never had a serious relationship?
Ross: of course she has. if she'd never had a serious relationship   I'd go round broadcasting it like some unstoppable moron.
Mike: but you did say it
Ross: yes, yes I did. and I will also say what I'm about   to say Vis--vis the following Phoebe has never had a serious relationship   since her. super-serious relationship with. Vicrum.
Mike: Vicrum?
Ross: WHAT THAT'S A REAL NAME!
 [Scene: Chandler arrives home from work.]
Chandler: (enters singing) Oklahoma where the wind comes   sweeping down the plane, STOP IT! Why couldn't they have sent me to Texas?   7 o clock maybe I'll hit the gym (sits down) who am I kidding pay-per-view   porn.
 -Cuts to Monica (She's just arrived outside his room she   fixes a bent photo hanging on the wall then sprays mint in her mouth and enter)
Chandler: DO NOT DISTURB DO NOT DISTURB! Monica: (smiles)
Monica:: is everything all right?
Chandler: everything's great, just watching some regular   television there, what a pleasant surprise. (She hugs him, and she knows what   he was doing so she looks at the TV and sees sharks swimming around thinking   Chandler was giving himself a treat to sharks.)
Monica:: I'm gonna go freshen up ok
Chandler: Ok honey. that was close.
 -Cut to Rachel (Phone ringing)
Rachel: Hello
Monica:: Hey Rach its me ok I just got the Chandler's room   and I caught him molesting himself.
Rachel: Oh that couldn't have been pretty. but you know   guys do that.
Monica:: yea well the weird part is... he was getting off   to a shark attack show!
Rachel: Nooooooooo!
Monica:: Yes! Chandler Watches Shark Porn!
 (Commercial Break)
 [Scene: Rachel is at Monica's, talking about Chandler & him   watching "Shark Porn".]
Rachel: well watching sharks? Are you sure that's what he   was doing?
Monica:: do you know how many times I've seen him jump up   like that, believe me I know what he was doing.
Rachel: man sharks. I always knew there was something weird   about that dude. But you promised to love him no matter what.
Monica:: what means if he gets like a disease or kills someone.   not if he gets his jollys to jaws!
Rachel: Ah! You know what honey guys are just different,   they like things that we can't understand, you know I once dated this guy who   wanted to pretend he was an archeologist and I was a naughty cave woman that   he unfroze from a block of ice.
Monica:: Eww are you talking about my bother.
Rachel: yeah I didn't disguise that very well did i.
Joey: (enters) Hey
Rachel: (sits down) Hi
Joey: listen to this... I went out with this girl last night   and half way through our date I realized I already slept with her.
 (Monica makes a strange face and sits down)
Rachel: so basically you've slept with all the woman in   New York and now you're just going around again.
Joey: well that's not even the weird part. I don't think   she remembered sleeping with me.
Monica:: But you don't remember sleeping with her.
Joey: yeah but she should remember sleeping with me I am   very memorable, you guys know.
Rachel: what, how do we know, we never slept with you.
Joey: and who's fault is that.
Monica:: what's the big deal, you forgot, she forgot, maybe   you were having an off night
Joey: HEY! I never have an off night ok although sometimes   when I'm a little bloated I don't feel very sexy BUT EVEN THEN I'M BETTER THEN   MOST!
Monica:: Honey why don't you just let it go and ask her   out again.
Rachel: yeah your both so slutty you don't even remember   who you've slept with, you're made for each other.
Joey: Interesting. all right I'll go out with her again   and try to get past it (reaches for the chips) OH SALT BLOATY!
Monica:: Joey, Joey.
Joey: What?
Monica:: you don't think sharks are sexy do you?
Joey: No. (Pause) wait a minute what was the little mermaid?
 (Monica just looks at him, and Rachel wants to laugh)
 [Scene: Phoebe's at her apartment waiting for Mike Ross comes over.]
Phoebe: It's open.
Ross: Hey!
Phoebe: HEY! Mike called were going out again! YAY! YAY!   (She dances around with happiness)
Ross: YAY! (He continues the happiness with her by dancing   around) quick thing, I went to talk to Mike.
Phoebe: What? Wha-wha-wha-did you do ROSS!
Ross: oh boy you got mad at that part. I went over there   to tell him how great you are but you know me BLAH, BLAH, BLAH, and I ended   up telling him that.
Phoebe: WHAT!
Ross: umm. that you had a six year long relationship with   a guy named Vicrum.
Phoebe: WHAT! WHY?
Ross: well he seemed to bum hard that you'd never been in   a serious relationship.
Phoebe: (Walks towards Ross) If you hadn't just had a baby   with my best friend I swear to Lucifer a raber dog would be feasting on your   danglers RIGHT NOW!
Ross: well Phoebe, I think you'll feel better when you know   a little bit about Vicrum, His a Kite designer (He makes a wow face) and he   used to date Oprah. (He makes another wow face)
Phoebe: I'm not going along with some lie you made Ross,   No I'm just gonna be honest with him.
Ross: Good yeah just be honest with him.
Phoebe: yeah I've nothing to be ashamed of ok so I haven't   been in a relationship that lasted longer then a month. Ok I haven't had a   real boyfriend you know if he can't handle that he can leave. which he will   and that's ok. so I'll just be alone forever you know alright I'll be. it'll   be fine. it'll be fine. I'll go walking tours with widows and lesbians. Oh   (takes a deep breath and sits down, knock on the door)
Ross: I'll get it
Phoebe: ok
Mike: (Ross opens the door) You know I'm trying to think   of the last time I opened a door and you weren't there, Phoebe are you ok?   (She has her hands over her mouth)
Phoebe: Uh huh yeah (stands up) there's just something umm,   there's something you should know (Pause) Vicrum just called.
 [Scene: Joey is back at Hayley's place after there date.]
 Hayley: so it was kind of a shock after 25 years of marriage my parents,   a perfect couple getting divorced, I kinda took it the hardest cause I was   the youngest.
Joey: Uh huh, sure, yeah. How can you not remember me?
 Hayley: What?
Joey: How could you not remember that we slept together?
 Hayley: What! When?
Joey: I dunno!
 Hayley: I really, really think I would remember sleeping with you
Joey: come on, come on, search your brain all right. it   was (thinks) a certain amount of time ago, I was here you were here, we had   sex (starts pointing out the places) here, here, here NOT there. Anything?
 Hayley: no it's not ringing any bells.
Joey: my god woman! How many people do you have to had been   with not to remember any of this?
 Hayley's roommate: Hey Hayley you've really gotta fix that doorknob. Joey!
Joey: Ooooooooooh, I slept with you! And you obviously remember   me Hey! I still got it. (Turns back to Hayley) so were good. (She just glares   at him) I'll let myself out.
 [Scene: Phoebe is sitting with Mike, explaining about Vicrum.]
Phoebe: .and I said Vicrum you can't just call every time   you get lonely you know, you, you gave up that right when you slept with Rachel.
Mike: But Rachel I thought she just had a baby with Ross
Phoebe: yeah well (pause) yeah you know Emma's birth certificate   might say Geller but her eyes say Mookurgee.
Mike: that is so wrong and on top of that his a glue sniffer.
Phoebe: I know but he call's and my heart goes to him. You   know that bastard is one smooth talking free lance kite designer.
Mike: I just think there's somebody better out there for   you, (pause) I mean I'm not saying me but. maybe me.
Phoebe: Oh.
Mike: and you don't have to worry about glue sniffing with   me. although I do smell the occasional magic marker, yeah ah anyway I just   think I can make you happy.
Phoebe: ok I can't do this.
Mike: what's wrong?
Phoebe: well there is no Vicrum, Ross made him up because   I never really have been in a long-term relationship, I've never lived with   a guy, and I've never even celebrated an anniversary so. (Pause) if that's   too weird for you and you wanna leave I totally understand. In fact I'll close   my eye's make it less awkward (She sits with her eyes closed and Mike kisses   her, Phoebe opens her eyes and like a little child says.) You kissed me.
Mike: uh huh
Phoebe: so you don't think I'm a total freak
Mike: No. well look can I think your weird and also cool   for telling me the truth and also wanna kiss you.
Phoebe: I guess so, can I. can I think it's cool that you   kiss me and also wanna kiss you again (they get closer to kiss and Phoebe pulls   back) and umm, be a little concerned about the magic markers.
Mike: Definitely
Ross: (They kiss and the phone rings and machine picks it   up, its Ross putting on an accent pretending to be Vicrum) This is Vicrum.
 [Scene: Chandler arrives home and Monica's got a video   of Sharks ready for Chandler.]
Chandler: Hi honey I'm home!
Monica:: Hi, how was your flight? (She hugs him)
Chandler: oh it was great.
Monica:: Here why don't you sit down, get yourself comfortable   because I. (Monica shows him the tape then puts it in) have   a little surprise for you.
Chandler: well, well, well it must be five in Tulsa because   it's six o clock IN NY.C!
Monica:: Ok (sits down next to him) This is how much I love   you. (She presses play then puts her arm around Chandler's neck.)
Chandler: (Chandler looking confused) Honey why am I watching   a bunch of sharks swimming around.
Monica:: Is this not the good part? Do you want me to fast   forward to something a little toothier.
Chandler: no I'm not quite sure you got the right movie   that's all.
Monica:: Oh well this is the only one they had at our video   store, but they did have something called crocodile killers. Or does it always   have to be sharks?
Chandler: does what always have to be sharks.
Monica:: Honey look we can do something else, do you want   me to get into the tub and thrash.
Chandler: What's going on?
Monica:: sweetie it's ok, I still love you, let me be a   part of this.
Chandler: let ME be a part of this!
Monica:: I saw what you were doing in Tulsa. angry sharks   turn you on!
Chandler: no they don't
Monica:: then why were you watching them and giving YOURSELF   a treat.
Chandler: OH MY GOD! When you came in I switched the channel,   I was just watching regular porn
Monica:: really?
Chandler: yeah just some good old fashion girl on girl American   action.
Monica:: I cannot tell you how happy that makes me! (They   hug)
Chandler: You are an amazing wife. (Monica shrugs) No really   you're amazing you were actually gonna do this for me, I mean where do you   find the strength and understanding over something like that.
Monica:: Im very, very drunk right now.
 (They hug, Scene fades to black)
 [Scene: Phoebe is in central-perk with Joey telling him what Ross said t   her at the beginning.]
Joey: (looks at a girl walk in) see ordinarily I would talk   to her, but my confidence is shaken did I sleep with her? Did I not sleep with   her?
 Phoebe: you know maybe this is a wake up call, about your  whole dating attitude. Your in your thirty's and you've never had a serious  relationship and you have never been in a long term relationship, here you  go from woman to woman, meaningless experience to meaningless experience  never even worrying that it doesn't tern into anything serious.
Joey: your right! I love my life! (He gets up to go and   speak to the girl and he turns back and sits down) I actually did sleep with   her.
905 - THE ONE WITH PHOEBES BIRTHDAY DINNER
Written by: Scott Silveri   Directed by: David Schwimmer Transcribed by: Christoph Pper
[Scene: Central Perk. All except Chandler, plus Emma.]
Phoebe: Oh hey you guys, I couldnt get a reservation for the night of  my birthday, so we have to do dinner Thursday night instead.
Joey: Thursday? But thats Halloween.
Phoebe: So?
Joey: [Its just] So spooky, thats all.
Ross: So, so, is Mike coming to dinner?
Phoebe: No! Its my first birthday with a boyfriend, and he has to  work. Uch, I get mad at him, but I think its a little to soon to show my true  colors.
Rachel: Pheebs, I would make a reservation for five, because one of us  has to stay home and watch Emma. (to Ross:) Which one of us should go to  dinner?
Phoebe: Oh, Rachel!
Ross: Actually, um, I was thinking maybe both of us could go.
Phoebe: Oh, yay!
Ross: Thanks, I put a lot of extra thoughts on your gift.
Phoebe: Alright, okay, so we can all go now. That is fun. Hey, you  know what? We all havent been together the six of us in such a long time.
Monica: What are you talking about? Were all together right now.
Rachel: Um, Mon, Chandlers not here.
Monica: Oh, dear god!
Opening Credits
[Scene: Tulsa, a conference room. Chandler is chairing a group of  eight people.]
Chandler: Good morning everyone, its nice to see our team together  for the first time. Now, before we get started, are there any questions?  (colleague raises hand) Yes, Ken is it?
Ken: Thats right. Is it true, that the reason you are here in Tulsa  is that you fell asleep in a meeting and took the job without realizing what you  were saying yes to?
Chandler: (laughs) Well, dont believe everything you hear, Ken. (both  turning away to files) But yeah, thats true. Alright, lets get started, by  take a look at last quarters figures. (The female next to Chandler starts  smoking, towards her:) Ah, Claudia, arent you supposed to blow smoke up the  bosses ass?
Claudia: Im sorry. Does the smoke bother you?
Chandler: No, no, no-no-no. I smoked for years, then I quit. Right  now, I cant remember why. (to everyone:) Youre not allowed to smoke in this  office. Not right?
Claudia: Yes, in Oklahoma its legal to smoke in offices with fifteen  people or less. (passing the pack) Would you like one?
Chandler: Alright, lolook. I dont smoke anymore. But if the rest of  you want to light up, go ahead, its fine. (everyone lights up) So you all smoke  then? Thats almost rude, that Im not.
Ken: Thats not true. If you dont wanna smoke 
Chandler: (loud) Ken, please! No, I cant, I cant smoke. If I smoke,  my wife would kill me.
Ken: Im sorry, but isnt your wife back in New York?
Chandler: I always liked you, Ken. (takes a cigarette)
[Scene: The Bings. Monica in bathrobe, merely covered. Someones knocking at the door.]
Phoebe: (from outside) Trick or treat! (Its obviously Halloween eve,  the night of her birthday dinner.)
Monica: (opening the door) Hey!
Phoebe: Ooh, and treat it is. (Monicas breasts.)
Monica: Hmhmm. (ties up)
Phoebe: Wow, so glad I changed. Almost wore my ??? outfit that cant  contain my breasts.
Monica: This is not, what Im wearing. Im ovulating and Chandlers  gonna be home any minute, so I thought we would try before dinner.
Phoebe: Ohh. Oh wait! (Jis) you guys wont be late for my dinner, will  you?
Monica: Believe me, Chandler and I have not seen each other in over a  week. Well probably be the first ones there.
Phoebe: kay, see you there. Happy humping! (outside meeting  Chandler.) Heyhey! Oh, wow, somebody smoked out here? Oh my god, dont people  know, youre not allowed to smoke in public spaces?
Chandler: Actually, in Oklahoma smoking is legal in all commune areas  and offices with fewer than fifteen people.
Phoebe: You smoked!
Chandler: No! I just happened tdo a lot trivias about smoking in  different states. For example, in Hawaii cigarettes are called  Leyhallalookoos.
Phoebe: (smells at him) Chandler, you stink of cigarettes.
Chandler: Uch, do you think, Monica is gonna be able smell it?
Phoebe: Are you kidding? The woman has the nose of a bloodhound  and  the breasts of a Greek goddess.
Chandler: Pheebs?
Phoebe: (embarrassed) Im gonna go. (leaves to stairs)
Chandler: (getting in) Okay, something to cover the smell  Oven  cleaner! (sprays himself, reads label) Unscented!
Monica: (naughty in doorway) Welcome home. Ive missed you. join me in  the bedroom?
Chandler: No thanks, Im good.
Monica: (comes over) O-kay, so you wanna play it that way, do you?
Chandler: (shrinks back) Right. You know what? Actually I just get off  the plane, so Im feeling kinda gross. Maybe I should just take a shower.
Monica: You dont need a shower.
Chandler: (still backs away) Alright, the truth is, I soiled myself  during some turbulences.
Monica: What do I smell? (sniffs him) I smell smoke. Huhdid you  smoke?
Chandler: Yes, but I just had one. Two. Two tiny cigarettes. Okay,  five. A pack. Two packaa carton. Three big fat cartons in two days. (How many  cigarettes are there in one pack and how many packs in one carton in the US?)  But its over, I made a decision, Im not gonna smoke anymore.
Monica: (gets a pack out of his jacket)
Chandler: But, those are for you.
[Scene: Ross and Rachels. Ross phones, Rachel  and Emma are there.]
Ross: Alright, well just, uh, see when you get here. Bye. (hangs up)  Huh, that was my mom, shes stuck in terrible traffic.
Rachel: Okay, well thats now the third sign that I should not leave  Emma.
Ross: Oh, what were the other two?
Rachel: Well, lets see. The first one is: I dont want to. And, you  know, Im not going.
Ross: I know, its the first time, were leaving the baby and  hey, I  know how hard it is for you, but  but Emma is gonna be fine. My mom is gonna be  with her. Shes great with kids.
Rachel: She is?
Ross: Ya.
Rachel: What about (?) Monica.
Ross: Hey, you only heard Monicas side of that. That little fatso was  a terror.
Rachel: Ish. I just dont think I can bear it.
Ross: Rachel, I know that you can. And you should.
Rachel: Uch.
Ross: Really, it would be good for you and in fact, why dont you, why  dont you go ahead to the restaurant and I will wait for my mom and then Ill  meet you there.
Rachel: Oh-A.
Ross: No, no, really. You should go. Just go! Go! Go out! Really, the  world is your oyster. Kick up the heels. Paint the town red. (Slang right?)
Rachel: You need to learn some new slang.
Ross: Im serious. Cmon, you should go. Here. (shoves her outside,  while she tries to stay) No, uh-uh, just go.
Rachel: What  Oh! (points inside)
Ross: No! No, you know what? (closes the door) You [cant get in  there] (?), the babys fine, now squam (?). Yeah, [I told you a|Tell your] story  walking. (?)
Rachel: I was just going to say that I left my keys.
Ross: Oh, (door is locked) holy molly are we in a pickle now.
[Scene: The restaurant. Phoebe and Joey are sitting alone at a table for six.]
Phoebe: Where is everyone? Theyre forty minutes late.
Joey: I know, u-uch.
Phoebe: Im starving. I know we were coming here tonight, I ate  nothing all day.
Joey: What about me, he? Only had one lunch today.
Waiter: (with British accent) Soo, are we expecting the rest of our  party shortly?
Phoebe: Yes, they are expected presently. Yeah, yeah um, their arrival  is in the offing.
Waiter: Right. We do have a table for two available, perhaps you would  be more comfortable.
Joey: No, theyre comin, were waitin right here.
Phoebe: Joseph! (to waiter) Thou neednt worry, they shant be  long.
Waiter: Its just that we do have some large parties waiting.
Phoebe: One really does have a stick up ones ass. Doesnt one?
[Scene: The Bings.]
Monica: How can you smoke in this day of age? Do you not seen that ad  with a little kid walks to grandpa, its chilling.
Chandler: I messed up, it was a meeting, everybody was smoking.
Monica: So what? Dont you have any will power?
Chandler: Will power? Ive watch home movies of you eating ding-dongs  (?) without taking the tin foil off.
Monica: You said that was sexy!
Chandler: kay, look: Can we just drop this? Im not gonna smoke  again.
Monica: Thats right, because I forbid you to smoke again.
Chandler: You forbid me?
Monica: Mhmm.
Chandler: You know, I flew a long way t see my loving wife? Is she  here by the way?
Monica: Dont joke (?) with me, okay? Im very, very upset right  now.
Chandler: Oh, would you say this was the most upset you could be?
Monica: Yes.
Chandler: Then, I might as well  (grabs the cigarettes) do this  (lights one, exhales). Not really sure what to do now.
Monica: Well, Ill tell you what were gonna do: We are already late  for Phoebes birthday dinner, so you point out put out that cigarette, were  gonna put this fight on hold and go have sex.
Chandler: Fine. What!?
Monica: Sex! This is the last day Im ovulating, and when we dont do  it now, well have to wait till next month. (walks towards bedroom)
Chandler: You serious? (follows)
Monica: Oh yeah!
Chandler: Right, fine, Ill do it, but no talking.
Monica: Huh, and no cuddling.
Chandler: And no kissing your neck.
Monica: Oh good, I hate it when you do that
Chandler: And lots of kissing your neck.
[Scene: Outside Ross and Rachels.]
Ross: Okay, well the ??? is not home.
Rachel: No. Uch.
Ross: Oh-oh, wait, my mother is gonna be here any minute. And she has  the keys.
Rachel: Alright, I cant, I cant wait that long. You have to do  somethingknock that door down!
Ross: I would, but I bruise like a peach. Besides, yyou know,  everything is gonna be fine. The babys sleeping.
Rachel: What if she jumped out the bassinet?
Ross: Cant hold her own head up, but yeah jumped.
Rachel: Oh my god, I left the water running.
Ross: Rach you did not leave the water running. Please, just pull  yourself together, okay?
Rachel: Ah, did I leave the stove on?
Ross: You never cooked since 1996. (Actually Rachel cooked in 609 -  TOW Ross Got High, first aired 1999-11-25.)
Rachel: Is the window open? Because if theres a window open, a bird  could fly in there.
Ross: Oh my god, you know what, yeah, I think youre right. I think   listen, listen!
Rachel: Ubb.
Ross: A pigeon, a pigeon. (previously scared Rachel turns away) No, no  wait, no-no, an eagle flew in. Landed on the stove and caught fire. The baby,  seeing this, jumps across the apartment to the mighty birds aid. The eagle,  however, misconstrues as an act of aggression and grabs the baby on its talon.  Meanwhile the faucet fills the apartment with water. Baby and bird still up lays  (?) are locked in a death grip, swirling around the whirl pool, that fills the  apartment.
Rachel: Boy, are you gonna be sorry if thats true.
[Scene: The restaurant with still just Phoebe and Joey.]
Waiter: Hello.
Phoebe & Joey: Hey.
Waiter: Its been an hour. ??? be willing to reconsider switching to a  smaller table.
Joey: Maybe we should just eat now.
Waiter: You cant order until your entire party has arrived.  Restaurant policy.
Joey: Wha-a how about this: Another table leaves, right? But theres  still some food left on their place, okay, whats the restaurants policy about  people eatin that?
Waiter: Estrangement (?).
Joey: But it happens? (waiter leaves) Im gotta go to the  bathroom.
Phoebe: No, you cant go. No-no-no, I cant hold this table on my own.  If they ask me to move, I cave.
Joey: If you ask me to stay, Ill pee. (leaves)
Maitre D: Good evening, Miss. (Phoebe turns her head away) Miss?  (from the opposite side) Miss? (she turns again) Miss!
Phoebe: Okay, fine, Ill move. Alright, you dont have to manhandle  me. (gets up) Where? (he points at a smaller table) Okay. Thank you. Wach.
Joey: (returns to their old table where elderly people are sitting  now, sits) Finally you guys made it. (looks up, turns left to Phoebes chair)  Pheebs, who the helluhuhh!
[Scene: The Bings bedroom, Chandler is undressing,  Monica in bed already.]
Monica: Spend more time with the tie. Thatll make a baby.
Chandler: Look, I cant do this. I cant make luv to you while were  fighting this way.
Monica: Oh sure, now youre Mister Sensitivity. But when you wanted to  have sex right after my uncles funeral
Chandler: That was a celebration of life. Alright, look, Im not gonna  do this. Alright, is this really the way you want a baby to be conceived?
Monica: No, youre right. Mnya, we shouldnt do it like this. Huch.  For what its worth, Im, Im sorry. I shouldnt have come down on you so hard  about the smoking. So you had a few cigarettes, not the end of the world.
Chandler: Mean it?
Monica: Yah.
Chandler: You are incredible. Unless, IIm not gonna smoke again. And  if I do, I promise, I will hide it so much better from you. (they kiss)
Monica: Dyou want to?
Chandler: Yeah, lets celebrate life!
Monica: kay.
[Scene: Ms. Geller, Rachel and Ross storm into the apartment.]
Rachel: Och, god. (seeing Emma) Oh, thank god, youre okay. Im so  sorry we left you. Mom never gonna leave you again. Never ever ever again.  Uch.
Ross: Great. So lets get going?
Rachel: Oh no. I mean it. After what just happened, Im never leaving  her again.
Ms. Geller: I understand, separation is hard. One time I was about to  leave Ross to go to the beauty parlor and he got so upset, he took off all his  clothes, tucked his ??? between his legs and cried out: Mommy, Im a girl, take  me with you.
Ross: Somehow over time it got easier to be apart from you.
[Scene: Bings in bed, finished.]
Chandler: Uhh. You are welcome.
Monica: You know what? Lets not talk.
Chandler: What?
Monica: Uch. I am still so mad at you for smoking.
Chandler: But you said you forgave me. It was just a couple of  cigarettesno big deal.
Monica: Oh, blablablabaybaybay.
Chandler: Leave it.
Monica: I was just saying that because I was ovulating and you said  you wouldnt have sex with me while were fighting.
Chandler: You tricked me to get me into bed?
Monica: Thats right, I got mine.
Chandler: I feel so used.
[Scene: Restaurant, still just the not-couple.]
Phoebe: Well, I guess theyre not coming. You wanna just order?
Joey: Thank you. (stands up and kisses her lips.) Waiter! lright,  this is gonna be fast, so try to keep up: Risotto with the shaped truffles and  the roasted rip steak with the golden Chanterelles and a Bordelaise sauce and  that any that stuff I just said means snails. (Hope, *I* kept up.)
Waiter: Erdoes not.
Phoebe: Tomato tart and which of the pastas would you recommend?
Waiter: Oh, theyre both exclus
Phoebe: Both it is, thank you.
Joey: Oh, uh, again. Can I make a special request: Can you bring  everything as soon as its ready? Appetizers, entrees, we dont care.
Ross & Rachel: (entering) Hey, hi, hi!
Waiter: Ill just wait to put your order in.
Phoebe: You guys are over an hour late. What happened to you two?
Ross: Im so sorry 
Rachel: We got locked out of the apartment, we 
Joey: Thats a great storycan I eat it?
Ross: And then Rachel wasnt sure she could leave the baby.
Rachel: N-it wasnt easy, but its your birthday and I did what I got  to do.
Phoebe: And thats Judy over there at the bar with Emma?
Rachel: Oh honey, this is for the best, thus Im not distracted,  worrying about Emma, how shes doing at home and Im being completely here with  you and, oh, she spit up!
Ross: What?
Rachel: She spit up. Judy! She spiJudy! Look alive, Judy! (they sit  down) Thank you.
Ross: Thanks. Oh.
Rachel: Oh, ooh, everything looks delicious. What should I ha-ave?  What should I have?
Joey: (mumbling) Never hit a woman. Never hit a woman.
Ross: Yknow this ??? is incredible.
Joey: Ross bruises like a peach. He bruises like a peach.
Ross: Okay, Ill have the fixed salad and the duck.
Rachel: Yah, Ill have the soup and the salmon.
Joey: And remember whatever comes up first. Okay? And hurry, because  
Monica: (entering with husband) Happy birthday!
Joey: Son of a bitch!
Phoebe: Wher-where have you been?
Monica: Well, we had a little fight.
Chandler: I would never lie to get someone into bed.
Monica: You used to tell girls you were a Kennedy. (being sat down)  Ooh, uh, thanks. Wow, little tight, isnt it? How dyou get a bigger table?  You-you had a big table, but they made you move. Huh-huh, shut up Monica. Whoo,  I suppose that Chandler will have the smoked duck.
Chandler: I suppose that Monica will have the  manipulative  shrew.
Waiter: Ill give you another minute.
Joey: Why are you going? He said, she wanted the shrew! (runs after  the waiter)
Ross: Rach, cmon, Emma is fine. Youre turning into an obsessive  mother. Okay, you need to stop.
Rachel: Yguys ever heard the story about when Rosses mom went to the  beauty salon?
Chandler: You mean the lully story?
Ross: (childish) Huh-huh, they already know it.
Phoebe: You guys, weve been waiting for you for a long time, maybe  you should order.
Joey: (returned) No, no, its okay, I already told the waiter what  they want.
Monica: Why would you do that?
Joey: Chandler, control your woman!
Rachel: (lifts for a toast) Okay, as everybody has ordered, I would  like to start the celebration and make a toast  to Phoebe. She dropped her  sock.
Phoebe: Aw  what?
Rachel: N-no, Emma dropped her sock.
Monica: Moms here? I wanted to have lunch with her today, she told me  she was out of town.
Rachel: Ross, she still has not noticed that the babys sock is on the  ground.
Phoebe: s a good toast.
Rachel: (to Ross) Could you please get her attention?
Ross: W-oa  Mommy! (gestures to his not understanding mother)
Phoebe: (getting up) Oh, for gods sake, Judy, pick up the sock! Pick  up the sock! Pick up the sock! (everybody scared) Im sorry, was that rude?  Di-did my, my li-little outburst blunt (?) the hideousness (?) that is this  evening? Look, I know, you all have a lot going on, but all I wanted to do was  have dinner with my friends on my birthday. And you are all so late and you  didnt even have the courtesy to call. (her cellular rings) Well, its too late  now.
Ross: Well, ??? think thats us?
Phoebe: well, this is, this is, this is not over! (on phone)  Hello?
Joey: (to Chandler and Monica) Well, what is going on with you  two?
Monica: Uch, you see, Im ovulating.
Chandler: Oh yeah, thats what she says. But maybe youre not  ovulating at all, maybe its just a clever ruse to get me into bed.
Monica: Yes smokie, that is what it was. I just cant get enough.
Chandler: (to Joey) You not gonna believe this: She lied! She tricked  me into having sex with her.
Joey: So? Did have sex, right?
Chandler: Whats the matter with me? Why Im such a girl?
Phoebe: (returns) Okay, that was Mike.
Rachel: Phoebe, hi, were so sorry. Youre totally right. We are here  one hundred per cent and we love you and we are ready to start your birthday  celebration.
Phoebe: Mhuh, guys, that means the world to me. Huh, nkay, Im gonna  take off.
Rachel: What?
Phoebe: Oh, I love you guys too, but Mike got off work early. Wait.  Wait, Im not tnot that kind of girl that just ditches her friends to be with  her boyfriend. You know what? I am. Bye guys! (waves to the bar) Judy! Bye.
Rachel: Oh thank god, if Phoebes going, can we please take Emma  home?
Ross: You know, I think thats a good ideaour babysitter just pounded  in another Chardonnet. (both get up) Bye, yguys.
Monica: Bye.
Joey: See ya. Well, this is just us.
Monica & Chandler: Mhum.
Monica: So, Im, Im probably still ovulating. Do you want to give it  another try?
Chandler: So you never had sex with a Kennedy, have you?
Joey: Do, do you gonna do it now?
Monica: We dont have much time. Once the egg descended the oviduct  
Joey: No-ohoh. (the Bings leave, the waiter comes)
Maitre D: I sincerely hope the rest of your party is returning.
Joey: Nah, just me. All alone. (all the food is served) Dinner for six  for one, uh, you boys are about to see something really special.
Closing Credits
[Scene: continues, Joey finished everything.]
Waiter: How was everything, sir?
Joey: Excellent. The shrew in particular was exclusive.
Waiter: Well, I hope, you got some room left.
Waiters: (with birthday cake, singing) Happy birthday to you, happy  birthday to you, happy birthday dear 
Joey: Joey! Joey.
Waiters:  Joey, happy birthday to you.
Joey: Thats the best birthday ever.
End
UNTITLED DOCUMENT
Written by: Marta Kauffman & David Crane   Transcribed by: Coffee Mug   Russian to Roman alphabet: Gabriela Horber
Dedicated to the great work of Eric Aasen, Guineapig and many, many more
[Scene: Chandler's hotel room in Tulsa. He's fast asleep when the telephone rings.]
Chandler: (picking up the telephone, answering it with a frog in his throat) Hello? (he clears his throat, but he still has the same frog in his throat when he speaks again) Hello?
Monica: (in her apartment, screaming) I LOVE MY NEW JOB!
Chandler: Honey, you're screaming.
Monica: YOU BET YOUR ASS I AM! I just had the best first day ever! The kitchen: twice as big as Allessandro's.
Chandler: (yawning) Oh, that's great.
Monica: Yeah, a-a-and clean. Not just health department clean... Monica clean.
Chandler: (clearly not so interested) Awesome.
Monica: Oh, and the people are so nice. There's this one guy, Geoffrey, he's the Maitre D., Chandler, you will love him. He is without a doubt, the funniest guy I have ever met. (Chandler, who was almost asleep again, sits up straight in bed in an instant and can't believe what he just heard.)
OPENING CREDITS
[Scene: Central Perk. Phoebe and Mike are on the couch, holding hands, while Phoebe puts milk in her coffee.]
Mike: This is nice.
Phoebe: I know! (Phoebe picks up a little packet of sugar, shakes it, and then realises she can't open it with one hand, but doesn't want to let go of Mike's hand. She tries to tear open the packet with one hand.)
Mike: You need both hands for that?
Phoebe: Yeah, I kinda do. (Mike lets go of her hand) Well, how's this? (she takes Mike's hand and puts it on her breast, she tears open the sugar and puts it in her coffee. Mike thinks it over and nods appreciative. After that, they hold hands again. Joey now enters, and sees the two sitting on the couch, holding hands.)
Joey: (in a very aaaaahhhhh sweeeeeet voice) Aaahhh, look at you two... holding hands... huh is this getting serious? (Phoebe and Mike, embarrassed, start babbling and look away.) Have you not talked about it yet? (They say nothing now, but smile) Am I making you uncomfortable? (smiles are becoming forced now, and he speaks to Mike) If you were bigger you'd hit me, huh...? Aaaaaahhhhhh (he turns away to the bar)
Phoebe: I'm sorry... I'm sorry. It's obviously way too early for us to be... having that conversation.
Mike: Is it?
Phoebe: (in a flash she answers) Maybe not, is it?
Mike: Okay, when I got divorced, I didn't think I'd feel this way about someone for a really long time... Then again, I didn't think I'd meet someone like you... and... this may be crazy soon, but... I want you to have this... (He tries to get something from his pocket, but it's not that easy... Phoebe looks in a "what's happening" face to him. He finally has found something) No, not... that's gum. (He digs in a little more.) Ooh, five bucks... I love it when that happens, you know... Think no note's there...
Phoebe: (impatient) I know Mike, why don't you keep digging?
Mike: Oh, sorry. (He digs in again and finally finds what he's been looking for. A key.)
Phoebe: Oh, it's a key. To be honest, I think I'd prefer the five dollars.
Mike: It's to my apartment.
Phoebe: (really surprised) Oh wow, ooh! Ooh, big step for Phoebe and Mike.
Mike: Yeah, look, and I don't want you to feel like you have to give me your key just because...
Phoebe: Oh no, I want to.
Mike: Oh, thank God. (he laughs nervously, and Phoebe gets her keychain from her bag.)
Phoebe: Yeah... ooh... wow... Even started to think I'd never meet someone that, you know, I wanted to... do this with. Here you go. (Both Phoebe and Mike look really proud.)
Mike: Is this cool, huh?
Phoebe: It really is.
Joey: (sitting at his table) Oh, I know it... It is amazing these little things open doors... huh! (mimes opening a door with his own keys, Phoebe looks at him in a "yeah, yeah, yeah" way.)
[Scene: Ross and Rachel's apartment. Both of them sitting on the couch, interviewing a nanny candidate.]
Rachel: So I don't go back to work for another four weeks, but we would like our nanny to start right away, so that Emma could get a chance to know her.
Prospective nanny: (in a sweet, caring voice) I think that's really smart. The easier we can make the transition for her, the better. (Ross and Rachel seem pleased with the answer.)
Rachel: That's great, great. So do you have any questions for us?
Prospective nanny: Not really.
Rachel: Allright. Well thank you so much for coming... (they're standing up and make their way to the door)
Ross: Thank you.
Rachel: Really nice to meet you... and we'll call you.
Prospective nanny: Oh, you know, wait. I do have one question. (she starts playing with her hair) Do you guys do random drug testing?
Ross: Boy, we uhm... hadn't really thought of that.
Prospective nanny: That's cool. But... but if you do, I'm gonna need three days notice.
Rachel: Okidoki! (and she slams the door in the nanny's face while Ross crumples up the application form) Wow! We're never gonna find a nanny.
Ross: Oh, come on Rach, we will. I promise. We have more interviews (They sit down and Rachel sighs) And worse comes to worse, we can always reconsider the uhm... the first one we met with.
Rachel: (indignant) What, the blonde with no bra?
Ross: She was blonde? (he looks surprised for a while, but then gets a "gotcha" expression on his face... There's knocking at the door.) Just a sec.! Okay, okay. This one's name is Sandy. She's got a degree in early childhood education, uhm... she worked for her last family for three years.
Rachel: Okay... (Ross opens the door.)
Sandy: (a guy) Hi... I'm Sandy.
Ross: And she's a little mannish...
[Scene: Phoebe's apartment. There's a knock on the door, and Phoebe opens it.]
Phoebe: (gasps) Oh my God! David!
David: Hi! I-i-is this a bad time?
Phoebe: (excited) No! It's a great time, come in...! WOW, hi... Oh my gosh! What are you doing here? Are you back from Minsk?
David: Well, just for a couple of days, uhm... I'm here to explain to the people who gave us our grant, why it's a positive thing that we spent all their money and uhm... accomplished uhm... nothing.
Phoebe: Who cares, it got you here.
David: Well, it got me to New York anyway, and then I got on a cab at the airport, and the guy said where to? and I just... gave him your address I... I... I didn't even think about it.
Phoebe: Wow. Where is your luggage? (David thinks for a while)
David: Damn it!
Phoebe: A-Allright, well... I'll call the cab company.
David: Wa... wa... wait! We can... call them later. Can you just... just stand there f-f-for a moment? Boy! There's an old Russian expression, uhm... it goes: Schto ya ztez vigul... ui! Roughly translated that means uhm... This thing that I'm looking at: wow!
Phoebe: Thank you! God, no! You should see me when... Oh actually, no, I look pretty good.
David: Are... are you kidding? You know, when you don't see someone for a long time, a-a-and you kind of build them up in your head and you start thinking about: Come on, don't be crazy. Nobody is that beautiful, but... well, you are. (Phoebe seems very charmed) Well, so, uhm... are you seeing... anyone? (Phoebe is still up on a cloud from what David just said)
Phoebe: No...
[Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment. Monica sits on the couch and Phoebe is pacing up and down the room.]
Phoebe: I'm... I'm just... I'm the worst person ever. How can I not tell David that I'm seeing Mike?
Monica: Maybe he didn't give you a chance.
Phoebe: He said: Are you seeing someone? And I said no...
Monica: Oh, well... That had been your window.
Phoebe: Yeah! I mean, I don't know. I was just , I was looking, I was looking in his eyes and I was just thinking: Oh my God! It's David. David's here. He's just, he's so irresistible.
Monica: Really? The scientist guy?
Phoebe: Really? Chandler?
Monica: Continue...
Phoebe: Oh.Okay, then it gets worse, 'cause then I told him that I would see him tomorrow night.
Monica: Phoebe!
Phoebe: I know! (points at herself) Evil! And... and... and... I like Mike so much, you know. It's just going really well. Oh my God!
Monica: Wow, isn't it ironic that David would show up on the same day that you and Mike exchange keys?
Phoebe: (sarcastically) Uhuh... Yeah...!, you know. And given my life long search for irony, you can imagine how happy I am.
Monica: What are you gonna do?
Phoebe: I mean I guess, I just have to... tell David that nothing can happen between us. Unless I don't... You know, complicated moral situation, no right, no wrong...
Monica: You have to tell David!
Phoebe: Okay, I knew I should have had this conversation with Joey.
[Scene: The hallway between the two apartments. Chandler comes home.]
Chandler: (angry) Funniest guy she's ever met! (to the door) I'm funny, right...? What do you know, you're a door... You just like knock-knock jokes... (laughs about himself, but then gets determined again) Save it for inside! (he enters)
Monica: Heeeeeey! 
Chandler: Hey!
Phoebe: Hey!
Chandler: So... Oklahoma is a crazy place. You know, they call it the Sooner state. Frankly I'd sooner be in any other state. (Monica looks at Phoebe, who also doesn't know what to say.) And what's with Oklahoma having a pan handle? Can all states have stuff like that? Hey yeah, I'm from the waistband, Wyoming. But when I was seven, we headed over to the crotch.
Monica: (Doesn't believe what she's hearing) Was your cabin pressurised?
Chandler: (laughs, but then moves to Phoebe) And don't get me started on the way that people from Tulsa talk.
Phoebe: Okay. (and she walks away)
Chandler: What's with the word y'all? You know, just... two words just... pushed together... Are we all allowed to do that, because if so, I say why stop there? You know, your new poodle could be your noodle. And fried chicken? Could be fricken.Waiter, waiter excuse me, I'll have the fricken? (Monica laughs) See, that's... that's funny with the fricken, right?
Monica: No, it just remind me of something this guy did today at work. I told you about that funny guy, Geoffrey, right?
Chandler: Yeah, he came up...
Monica: Well, he did this bit... You probably had to be there, but it was Liza Minelli locked in our freezer, eating a raw chicken. (Phoebe bursts out in a laugh)
Chandler: (to Phoebe) Were you there?
Phoebe: No, but it sounds like it was fricken funny...
[Scene: Ross and Rachel's apartment. They're interviewing Sandy.]
Sandy: I really do understand how hard it's gotta be to leave your child with another person. I mean, it's leaving behind a piece of your heart... (Ross has got that bored/angry/skeptic look and Rachel is very emotional)
Rachel: Sandy, that's exactly what it is...
Ross: Are you gay? (Rachel turns to Ross in an embarrassed way)
Rachel: Ross!
Sandy: It's okay. I get that a lot doing what I do. But I am straight. I-I'm engaged actually.
Rachel: Oh!
Sandy: Her name is Deliah.
Rachel: Oh, that's pretty.
Ross: (skeptic) So you're just like a... guy who's a nanny?
Sandy: I realise how it's... a bit unorthodox for some people, but I really believe, the most satisfying thing you can do with your life, is take care of a child.
Ross: (on a yeah, right tone) Okay.
Sandy: Like in my last job, I met Daniel when he was three weeks old. And I got to watch him grow into this awesome person... When I left, I said: I'll see you soon... And he said to me: Skdandy... (Ross and Rachel look puzzled) That was his name for me... I'll see you every day... right in... (points at his heart, but starts to cry before he can finish his sentence. Rachel tries to comfort him, but Ross has this "you've got to be kidding me" look all over him)
Ross: Yeah, kids say all kinds of crap. (In the other room Emma starts to cry.)
Rachel: Oh God, she mu... she must need her diaper changed.
Sandy: Oh, oh, I can do it for her, if you want...
Rachel: Oh, that would be great! (Sandy leaves for Emma's room) I love him, I love him, I love him...
Ross: Oh, come on, Rach, he's a guy!
Rachel: So wh..? He's smart, he's qualified. Give me one good reason we shouldn't try him out.
Ross: Because, it's weird!
Rachel: Why?
Ross: What kind of job is that for a man? A nanny? I-It's like if a woman wanted to be...
Rachel: (she's got that "yeah, try to say it" look on her face) Yes?
Ross: King?
Sandy: I er... I hope you don't mind. I used some of my home-made lotion on Emma. It's a mixture of calendula and honey cream. It'll dry that rash right up. Plus... It keeps the hands young... (it makes Rachel smile)
Rachel: (whispering and begging) Please? (Ross makes a "whatever" gesture) YES! Sandy you're hired.
Sandy: That's great! (He gets emotional again and waves his hand in front of his face in a feminine way, like trying to dry his tears) I'm sorry. It's just... such an emotional thing when you're welcomed into a new family...
Rachel: Oooh... ***I really can't hear what she says*** come here.
Ross: You gotta be at least bi...
COMMERCIAL BREAK
[Scene: Joey's apartment. Joey is reading a 'Busty Ladies' magazine when Chandler enters.]
Chandler: Hey! (Joey doesn't look up, but gestures 'wait a minute' with his finger while he finishes reading the article. Chandler waits for Joey to finish.) I need you to set me up for a joke. Later, when Monica is around, I need you to ask me about fire trucks.
Joey: Ooh. I-I don't know Chan. I'm not so good with remembering lines.
Chandler: (Can't believe what he hears) Well, thank God your livelihood doesn't depend on it.
Joey: I know, right? (Chandler has really big eyes, and nods) Wh... Wh... Why are we doing this?
Chandler: Monica says that her Maitre D. is the funniest guy she's ever met.
Joey: Seriously? She actually said that?
Chandler: Yes! Am I crazy to be this upset?
Joey: Nooooo! Being funny is your thing!
Chandler: Yeah!
Joey: Without that, you just got "lame with women".
Chandler: Ye.... (stops because he realises what Joey just said, and stares at him. At this moment Monica enters)
Monica: Hi! There you are.
Joey: (sees Monica) Fire trucks! (Chandlers eyes double in size and he turns to Monica who doesn't understand what's happening. Then he turns back to Joey, who says "you're welcome" without a sound)
[Scene: Phoebe's apartment. Phoebe just let David in who brought a bottle of wine.]
David: Wow, you look even... more beautiful than you did yesterday.
Phoebe: Oof...
David: In fact, ehm... I going to kiss you now. (David holds Phoebe and wants to kiss her.)
Phoebe: Oh, wait, wait!
David: Yeah, I-I don't, I can't get away with stuff like that. I-I-It sounded sexy in my head, so I...
Phoebe: No, no, it's not that. (they go sit on the couch) Uhm... Remember when you asked me if I was seeing someone and I said no? Well, uhm... I am. His ... his name is Mike.
David: Oh... oh...
Phoebe: Yeah, I should have told you.
David: No... well, yeah.
Phoebe: I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
David: Well, i-it's okay. I-I-I understand... Well, s... well, are you happy with this guy?
Phoebe: I am happy.
David: Damn it! I-I'm sorry. I-I don't mean that. I-I want you to be happy... But only with me. No, uhm... that's not fair. Uh, who cares, leave him!. Oh, I don't mean that. Yes I do... I'm sorry Uhm, I... I think I should probably uhm... go...
Phoebe: Well... but David, just... I just want you to know that... that... you know... telling you this... is one of the hardest things I've ever had to do.
David: Well... just so you know... hearing it wasn't exactly a Vladnik carnival either... Can we at least hug goodbye?
Phoebe: Of course, yeah.(they hug and Phoebe sighs... a little after that also David sighs and makes his way to the door) You know, a kiss on the cheek wouldn't be totally inappropriate...
David: No... no...
Phoebe: I mean... (David kisses Phoebe on the cheek, makes his way to the door and turns around again)
David: In Minsk...
Phoebe: Yeah?
David: ...it's uhm... i-it's two on each cheek and uhm... and one on the lips.
Phoebe: Well, if that's what they do in Minsk... (They kiss 2 on each cheek... and then they pause... David turns to the door) In New York... it's... (and then David grabs her by her neck and kisses her full on the lips... They kiss passionately and cannot seem to stop.)
[Scene: Ross and Rachel's apartment. Rachel and Sandy sit on the couch. Sandy holds Emma. Ross enters the apartment. Sandy and Rachel wipe their tears away with handkerchiefs]
Rachel: (in a tearful voice) Oh... Oh boy... (she turns around and sees Ross) Hi...
Ross: (very worried) Is everything allright?
Rachel: Oh yeah, it's fine, it's fine. Sandy was just... was just telling me about how he proposed to his fiance and it was just sooo beautiful.
Sandy: Well, her favourite flower is the camellia. From the poem...
Rachel: I can't... I can't hear it again.
Sandy: You know, I can't tell it again... (wipes his tears again)
Ross: And I'm fine never having heard it... (Rachel looks at Ross in a "why do you say that" manner) Rach, can I... can I see you for a sec?
Rachel: Yeah! (to Sandy) Excuse me... (She walks to the kitchen with Ross and sighs)
Ross: Do you realise that man has cried in our apartment three times...? Huh? I haven't cried that many times since I moved in.
Rachel: Look, Ross, he's just... Sandy is just sensitive, that's all.
Ross: (picks up a cookie) Okay, okay, see... that... that is the problem. He is too sensitive. (takes a bite from the cookie)
Rachel: What...? Too sensitive to take care of our baby?
Ross: (speaking with his mouth full) Yeah, I mean, all things that guy... (looks at the cookie) These are amazing!
Rachel: Sandy made Madeleines.
Ross: This... this is exactly what I'm talking about. What kind of a guy makes... makes... delicate French cookies, huh? They're not even... butch, manly cookies with... with... you know with... with chunks. (takes a careful bite from the cookie)
Rachel: Well, I... you know, I-I-I don't know what to say... I mean, I never thought of you as a guy who needed his men to be men. You know, 'cause I gotta tell you Ross, it not like you just came in from branding cattle.
Ross: Hey... there's sensitive... and there is too sensitive.
Rachel: Okay, what? What is too sensitive? (There's music coming from the living room. Ross opens the door to the living room and he and Rachel see Sandy play a song for Emma on his recorder. Rachel is moved by this, but Ross only sees his point proven again, and walks back into the kitchen, angrily. The door he was holding, swings back and hits Rachel.)
[Scene: Phoebe's apartment. She and David are still kissing each other in the living room.]
Phoebe: Hmmm... No, no... No, I can't do this. It's bad.
David: But... I-I-It's nice... A-a-and... nice is good. A-a-and good is not bad, ergo, w-w-we should keep kissing.
Phoebe: No, no. No.
David: But... ergo...
Phoebe: Look David, if... if you had never left, then... yeah, we'd probably still be together right now, but... you did leave, and I-I'm with Mike and I really care about him...
David: Uhm... uhm... Goodbye... Uh... Schto ya ztez vigul... ui... (David holds his hands gently on the back of Phoebe's neck. There's a sound of a a bunch of keys rattling, and the door opens... It's Mike)
Mike: Well... hey, the key works...! (he looks as if he doesn't want to believe what's happening)
Phoebe: (points to David) And you thanks for the face massage. Thank you.
[Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment. Monica is in the kitchen and Ross enters.]
Ross: Did Rachel tell you we hired a male nanny?
Monica: Yeah! I think that's great!
Ross: Oh really? Did she tell you he plays the recorder, recites poetry and bakes Madeleines?
Monica: Oh... How are they?
Ross: (looks like in heaven) Lighter than air... (changes back to serious) But that's not the point. (Joey now also enters)
Joey: Hey!
Ross: Hey...! Rachel and I hired a male nanny.
Joey: (looks surprised) Really...? Guys do that...? That's... weird...
Ross: Thank you!
Joey: That's like a woman wanting to be a...
Ross: ...a what? A what? What's the end of that sentence?
Monica: Yes... What is the end of that sentence?
Joey: Uhm... A penis model. (Monica can't believe what's she's hearing and Ross pats Joey on the back.) Anyway, hey... Did you tell Chandler that some guy from work is the funniest guy you've ever met?
Monica: Yeah, so?
Ross: Wow!
Joey: Really? Do you not know Chandler?
Monica: Is that why he's acting so weird...? He's jealous...? Oh my God, that is crazy. It's not like I'm attracted to Geoffrey...
Joey: So what? Being funny is Chandler's thing... You know, like Ross's thing is... (he can't come up with anything)
Ross: Science...? Academia...? Being a good father...?
Joey: ...No... (he just can't seem to grasp it)
Monica: I can't believe he's that upset about this...
Joey: Monica, you have to do some damage control here, okay. 'Cause he's feeling like... (the door opens and Chandler walks in with a pizza)
Chandler: Hey!
Joey: Heeeyy! Hey!
Chandler: What are you guys talking about?
Ross: Uhm... Rachel and I hired a male nanny. (Joey makes a gesture and sound like "Can you believe that?")
Chandler: You got a man who's a nanny...? You got a manny...? (Monica starts laughing, but very exaggerated. Joey realises they also should laugh and punches Ross. Now all three of them laugh, but very fake. Chandler seems happy again.)
Chandler: You know, I don't mind a... male nanny, but I do draw the line at a male wetnurse. (again they laugh, even more fake than before)
Monica: Ohhh, ooohhh... you are on a roll, mister!
Chandler: If I'd known you guys were coming over, I would have brought more pizza. (they all burst out in a thundering laugh)
Monica: Okay, okay... Chandler you... you stop it! (Monica wipes away tears)
Chandler: What is so funny about that? (they realise it wasn't a joke)
Monica: Well, I don't know... I-It's... just the way you say it... I mean, you're funny... You have that funny thing. You're a funny guy! (Chandler turns to Joey)
Chandler: Did you tell her what we talked about? (Joey starts laughing hysterically, but then gets serious again...)
Joey: Yeah....
Chandler: So those were pity laughs? PITY LAUGHS? (Joey and Ross walk away from the kitchen)
Monica: Honey, listen... You have nothing to worry about with Geoffrey.
Chandler: Oh yeah? Is he funnier than me?
Monica: Well, you're... you're different funny... I mean, you're... you're more sarcastic a-a-and... well, he does... bits... and impressions... and... and limericks...
Chandler: I do limericks... uhm... There once was a man named Chandler, whose wife made him die inside.
Monica: Honey, you know I think you're hilarious! Come on, you know that joke you told me last week? The one about Jerry Lewis and the girl with the lazy eye...? (he laughs) That slayed me.
Ross: Hey... I made up that joke and told it to you! (He points at Chandler. Joey gestures to Ross "What are you doing?)
Joey: Not knowing when to shut up...
Ross: Yep! That's my thing...
COMMERCIAL BREAK
[Scene: Phoebe's apartment. David is still there. Mike closes the door.]
Mike: So... how many guys have your key?
Phoebe: No, no, no, no, no... It's not... it's not... i'ts not as bad as it looks... really. I was just saying goodbye to an old friend.
Mike: Your lipstick's on his mouth.
David: Oh, uh... we just uh... happen to wear the same shade.
Phoebe: No, uhm... David and I did use to go out... but years ago, and he lives in Minsk. He's only... he's only in town for a couple of days.
Mike: Did you uhm...
Phoebe: No, no... 
Mike: ...kiss him?
Phoebe: Oh, well, yeah...
David: Yes, but uhm... You should know... she really likes you. I-In fact I-I-I don't think you realise j-just how lucky you are fella. (he points at Mike)
Mike: Don't point your finger at me.
David: Why? Wh-What are you going to do about it?
Mike: Well... I'll... just show you what I'm gonna do about it... (he hits David's finger with his finger and they start to finger-fight using their fingers as swords saying all kinds of macho crap)
Phoebe: Stop it! Stop it, before someone gets really hurt! (they stop and Phoebe gets David's jacket and gives it to him) Here David, you should just go.
David: Allright... But... if I ever do come back from Minsk... (points at Mike) well, you just better watch out.
Mike: Well, if I ever goto Minsk, you'd better watch out.
David: Oh, you're going to Minsk?
Mike: Well, I might.
David: Really? Well, if you do, come in the spring. It's just lovely there.
Phoebe: Okay, well... guys?
David: Right... Goodbye Phoebe. (Makes a move to kiss her.)
Mike: Hey, what are you kidding me?
David: Right-o, right-o... (to Mike) Take good care of her. (and he leaves)
Phoebe: I'm sorry, I'm so sorry. If you... If you want your key back, I totally understand.
Mike: It's never gonna happen again right?
Phoebe: Right! Never! Never! I swear! (They kiss... The door opens and David comes in again.)
David: I-I... Oh I...I just wanna say uhm... if you do ever come to Minsk, that's my number (gives Mike a business card) We'll uhm... we'll party up Vladnik style. (He leaves again)
[Scene: Ross walks in the hallway to his apartment and stops in front of his own door. Now he hears two recorders playing a song. When he enters, Sandy and Joey are playing the recorder and Rachel listens.]
Joey: Yeah! Allright! Hey, hey Ross. Check it out! Sandy taught me Hot-cross Buns.
Ross: Really? Sounded like Three Blind Mice.
Joey: Noooo... Three Blind Mice goes like this... (he puts his fingers in position on the recorder)
Ross: (looks angrily at Joey and points at him) I swear to God...! (Joey is in shock)
Sandy: Who's up for puppets?
Joey: Me! I'm up for puppets!
Sandy: Well, please welcome... The Snufflebumps... Who wants to be mr. Wigglemunch and who's gonna be the Grumpus?
Ross: Okay, okay... How exactly is a two month old supposed to appreciate puppets?
Sandy: Actually studies have shown that the movement and colours help their cerebral development... The whimsical characters are just for us. (He winks to Joey and Rachel. Ross's face says he disapproves. Joey sees that and kind of angrily says...)
Joey: I wanna be mr. Wigglemunch. (and makes a "there" nod to Ross)
Ross: (shakes his head) Oh my God!
Sandy: Well, I guess we know who's gonna be the Grumpus... (Ross goes to the kitchen)
[Scene: Ross and Rachel's kitchen. Ross got a beer from the refrigerator and opens the bottle. Rachel now also enters the kitchen.]
Rachel: That was kind of rude!
Ross: Oh, I'm sorry. Please apologise to Sandy and the Snufflebumps for me.
Rachel: You know, he was just doing his job...
Ross: Well, you know what... I-I'm sorry I'm the only one who isn't in love with Gary Poppins out there... But I just... I can't... I can't go through with this.
Rachel: Oh, come on Ross...
Ross: No! Hey, you know what? I'm sorry. I would never force you... to hire someone you were this uncomfortable with...
Rachel: (sighs) Oh... That's true.
Ross: Thank you!
Rachel: Well, you're the one who wants to fire him, so you're gonna have to do it. (Ross walks to the living room determined to fire Sandy)
[Scene: Living room. Joey and Sandy are talking with the Snufflebumps.]
Sandy: (In a puppet voice) So you see Wigglemunch, that's why it's important to shaaaaaaare...
Joey: (kind of emotional) I am learning so much from you.
[Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment. Monica and Joey are sitting at the dinner table. Chandler comes from the bedroom with his suitcase.]
Chandler: Well, I'm off to Tulsa, so if your Maitre D. friend has any funny Oklahoma jokes, tell him to e-mail me at www.hahanotsomuch.com.
Monica: Honey, you can relax. Last night at work, Geoffrey told this really sexist joke. After that, not so funny anymore.
Chandler: Really...? See... that's the thing: you gotta keep it smart, people!
Monica: Okay, don't miss that flight. You know I love you.
Chandler: I love you too. (Monica and Chandler kiss. He turns to Joey.) And... I like you as a friend. (They hug and pat each other on the back.) 
Joey: Allright. See you later!
Chandler: See ya! (he leaves the apartment)
Joey: (to Monica) Did that guy really make that joke?
Monica: Naaaa... He still kills me. Last night he had me laughing so hard, I swear... a little pee came out.
[Scene: Ross and Rachel's apartment. Sandy is knitting baby clothes. Ross and Rachel walk into the living room.]
Ross: Here goes...
Rachel: I can't watch. It's like firing Elmo. (Ross walks to the couch where Sandy sits)
Ross: Sandy... Hi, we uhm... we kinda need to talk. I'm afraid it's not working out.
Sandy: (surprised) Oh...
Ross: Yeah, uhm... I mean, Rachel and I, think you are great... with Emma... uhm... We just feel...
Rachel: (from behind the bedroom door) YOU! You feel!
Ross: I... just feel that the... the chemistry isn't right. I'm sorry. We're... we're more than happy to give you good recommendation...
Sandy: Oh, no, no, no... That's okay. I got a lot of offers from other families. I just picked you guys because... I liked you the best.
Rachel: (from bedroom) Oh, damn you Geller!
Ross: Anyway, uhm...Well, I'm glad there's no hard feelings.
Sandy: No, none at all. You need to be happy with whoever is in your home... Although if you don't mind telling me, what was your problem? Maybe it's something I can work on in the future.
Ross: No, you know, it's uhm... nothing you did, it's... it's uhm... my issue.
Sandy: What is it...? (Ross hesitates) Please...? (he tilts his head)
Ross: You know, I'm just not uhm... that comfortable with a guy who's as sensitive as you.
Sandy: That's fair... Although, can I ask... why do you think that is?
Ross: Why... I... I don't know. (Sandy tilts his head again) Uhm... errrr... maybe... maybe because of my father?
Sandy: hmmm... (and shakes his head)
Ross: I mean, uhm... you know when I was growing up he was kind of a tough guy... You know a-a-and as a kid I wasn't the athlete I am now.
Rachel: (from the bedroom) Huh ha ha!
Ross: I play squash...! Anyway, uhm... I uhm... I always get the feeling he thought I was too sensitive.
Sandy: That must have been hard.
Ross: It was hard... I remember... I was in my bedroom... playing with my dinosaurs... playing and learning... and my father walks in and says... he says... "What are you doing with those things? What's wrong with you, why aren't you... why aren't you outside playing like a... like a real boy?
Sandy: But you are a real boy!
Ross: I know I am! (Ross now starts to cry) ...And when it's summer, and it's hot, why can't you wear a tank top?
Sandy: It's allright! Crying is good. It lets the boo-hoos out. 
Ross: Here come some more...
COMMERCIAL BREAK
[Scene: Joey's apartment. Joey and Sandy are sitting at the kitchen counter. Joey is holding mr. Wigglemunch, and Sandy holds the Grumpus.]
Sandy/Grumpus: And what's the one kind of boat that can never, ever sink?
Joey/Wigglemunch: What kind?
Sandy/Grumpus: A friend-ship...
Joey: Wow! You blow my mind...
Sandy: Oh, I gotta go.
Joey: Aaahh... How much do I owe you?
Sandy: Twenty bucks.
Joey: It's like the cheapest college ever.
END