The One with the Mugging
Written by Sherry Bilsing-Graham & Ellen Plummer
Transcribed by Marita Bakken
[Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment. Rachel is in the kitchen    as Joey enters from his bedroom.]
Joey: Morning, roomie!
Rachel: Hey! You remembered to put clothes on this morning.
Joey: Fifth day's a charm.
Rachel: Oh, Joey, it's so great to be back here. I gotta tell you, you're    making it so easy on me and Emma.
Joey: Hey, it's great having you back. You know, stay as long as you want,    and when does she stop crying all night?
(Ross enters.)
Ross: Hey, you're not naked! So hey, Rach, when will we expect to see you    tonight?
Rachel: Well, I'll probably be back to pick her up around six, but she's    in the bedroom all ready to go. But she did actually fall back to sleep,    so...
Joey: She's probably exhausted from all that adorable screaming she did    last night.
Rachel: Bye!
(She leaves.)
Ross: Bye! Hey, I hope Emma isn't making it too hard on you.
Joey: No, hey, it's been great.
Ross: Yeah?
Joey: Yeah. And look, I just want you to know that with Rachel staying    here and everything, all my feelings from before are totally over, okay?    And even if they weren't, when you accidentally walk in on a woman using    a breast pump...
Ross: Yeah, that'll do it.
Joey: Wow! So, how are you?
Ross: I'm, I'm okay. 
Joey: Really?
Ross: Sure, I mean, do I wish me and Rachel living together would have    worked out? Of course. You know, I'm disappointed, but it's not like it's    a divorce.
Joey: Well, actually it...
Ross: No, it's not a divorce, it is not a divorce! Anyway, I think Rachel    and I need to, you know, get on with our lives, maybe, maybe start seeing    other people.
Joey: Wow, really?
Ross: Yeah, sure, why not? In fact, if you know anyone that would be good    for me...
Joey: Sure, I know lots of girls. 
Ross: Yeah? Any names come to mind?
Joey: Ooh, names?
Opening credits.
[Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment. Joey is there as Phoebe    enters.]
Phoebe: Hey.
Joey: Hey. I was just gonna get something to eat. You want something?
Phoebe: What you got?
Joey (checks the refrigerator): Okay, let's see, we got strained peas,    strained carrots... Ooh! Strained plums. We haven't tried that yet.
Phoebe: Goodie! Thanks. So, how is it living with Rachel again? I mean, apart    from the great food.
Joey: I'm fine, I'm fine, it's just, it's just weird what's happening with    her and Ross. You know, yesterday he asked me to fix him up with somebody.
Phoebe: Oh my god, Rachel asked me if I knew anyone for her too.
Joey: Why are they doing this?
Phoebe: I don't know. They're so perfect for each other; it's crazy.
Joey: You know what's crazy? These jars. What is it, like two bites in    here?
Phoebe: I just wish they'd realise they should be together.
Joey: I know, I know. And when they moved back in together, I figured y'know,    that's where things were headed.
Phoebe: I know. They should be a family. They should get married and have    more children.
Joey: Yes, and they should name one of their kids Joey. I may not have    kids; someone's gotta carry on the family name.
Phoebe: You know what? Maybe once they start dating, and they see what's    out there, they'll realise how good they are for each other.
Joey: Yeah, because it is slim pickings. I had this date last night: Yuck!    But we should probably keep it down; she's still in the bedroom.
Phoebe: So, what are we gonna do? Are we just gonna go ahead and set them    up with people?
Joey: I know; that just pushes them further and further apart. 
Phoebe: Yeah. (BEAT) Oh, I know what we can do. We could set Ross and Rachel    up on horrible dates, so that they'll realise how good they are together.
Joey: Ooh, that's a great plan! 
Phoebe: Yeah, you know what the best part of it is? I get to do my "plan-laugh." (A    maniacal laugh follows.)
(They both start laughing really loudly.)
Joey: Shhh! Not so loud, we don't wanna wake up, uh...
(He looks at his bedroom door, but he can't remember the    name of the girl.)
[Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment. They're in the    kitchen as Rachel enters.]
Rachel: Hey!
Monica: Hey!
Rachel: You guys aren't doing anything tonight, are you?
Chandler: See, now, why would you assume that? Just because we're married?    I will have you know that we are very hip, happening people. Now, if you'll    excuse me, I have to get back to reading the obituaries.
Rachel: I was just asking 'cause I need someone to watch Emma tonight.
Monica: Sure, we'll do that. What are you up to?
Rachel: Well, Phoebe set me up on a date. 
Monica: Oh my god.
Chandler: Wow.
Rachel: Why? What's the big deal?
Monica: Just figured, 'cause you and Ross are...
Rachel: What, slept together a year and a half ago? Yeah, I'm all set.
Chandler: Well, I think it's great that you're going on a date, you know? I    mean, it sounds healthy. I mean, you have needs. Embrace your womanhood!
Monica: You want a job? Turn off "Oprah," and send out a resume!
Rachel: So I'll bring her by around seven? Is that okay?
Monica: Oh, it's perfect.
Rachel: Oh, you guys are gonna have so much fun! She's at such a cute age.    Oh, a couple things. Now that she's eating solid food, she poops around    the clock. And watch out for your hair, 'cause she likes to grab it. And    oh, she's also in this phase where if you leave the room, she screams bloody    murder, but ah... Thanks, you guys. Have fun!
Chandler (reading the newspaper): Suddenly I wish I was reading my own name.
[Scene: Central Perk. Joey is drinking coffee by the counter    as Phoebe enters.]
Phoebe: Ooh, Joey. 
Joey: Hey.
Phoebe: Hey. I'm so excited; I just set up Rachel with the worst guy tonight. 
Joey: All right! Who is he?
Phoebe: Well, it's this guy I used to massage. And by massage, I mean hold    down so he wouldn't turn over and flash me.
Joey (gives a thumbs up sign): Okay, okay. Wait till you hear who I got    for Ross.
Phoebe: Oh, yeah.
(They sit down on the couch.)
Joey: She's this really boring woman. She's a teacher! 
Phoebe: A teacher?
Joey: Yeah, yeah, she's really into history and foreign movies... And oh,    oh, she loves puzzles. Huh? Come on, who loves puzzles?
Phoebe: Well, Ross does. What... You're - you're ruining the plan! Joey,    you've - you've fixed him up with his perfect woman! 
Joey: Oh my god, you're right! 
Phoebe: Yeah.
Joey: She even reads for pleasure!
Phoebe: How do you even know a woman like that?
Joey: What? I'm not allowed to know smart women? 
Phoebe: Joey.
Joey: I met her at the library. I went in to pee.
Phoebe: So now what do we do?
Joey: Well, okay, I'll - I'll just call her and tell her the date's cancelled,    and find him somebody else.
Phoebe: What if we don't find him somebody else? We'll just tell her the    date's off, but we don't tell Ross, and he goes to the restaurant and gets    stood up!
Joey: Ooh...I hear that's bad. 
Phoebe: Ooh, so this is great! Rachel's gonna have a terrible date, Ross    gets stood up, and then they'll realise how good they have it together.
Joey: Ah, yes, The Plan! (Laughs loudly again, but he sounds more like    Santa Claus.)
Phoebe: It's not Santa's plan. No, it's... (Laughs the real "plan-laugh.")
(They both start laughing again.)
Joey: Yeah, you know, it's not that fun.
Phoebe: No, I think we killed it.
[Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment. Emma is there    in her playpen, while Chandler is behind the couch.]
Chandler: Emma? Emma? Look at me! Well, I think I'll go downstairs for a while.
(He does the ancient trick of going downstairs while behind    the couch. As soon as he's out of sight, Emma starts crying.)
Chandler: No, no, no, no! No, no, no, no! It's okay, it's okay. I didn't go.    Don't cry, it's just a bit! I'm your uncle Chandler; funny is all I have!
(Monica enters from their bedroom with a calendar.)
Monica: Okay, just so you know, I'm gonna be ovulating from tomorrow until    the sixth, so don't touch yourself in the next 48 hours.
Chandler: I don't do that.
(Monica looks at him.)
Chandler: I'll try to stop. Wait, did you say until the sixth?
Monica: Yeah.
Chandler: Today is the sixth.
Monica: No, it's not.
(Points at the calendar.)
Chandler: Yes, it's also 2003.
Monica: Oh my god. Today's the sixth?! I may be done ovulating! I may have    also served some very questionable meat at the restaurant.
Chandler: It's okay. Go take the test and see if we're okay.
Monica: Okay.
(She runs to the bathroom, while Chandler starts acting    like a chicken in front of Emma. Emma is silent, however.)
Chandler: Tough crib.
Monica: Hey, where are all my ovulation-sticks? There's only one here.
Chandler: I might have checked to see if I was ovulating a couple times.
Monica: Chandler!
Chandler: I am not working. There's not much to do around here!
[Scene: Delmonico's restaurant. Ross is waiting for his    blind date to show up. A waiter walks past him.]
Ross: Excuse me, is there a woman waiting at the bar? Someone average height,    dark hair, perhaps doing a puzzle?
Waiter: Uh, there's a drunk Chinese guy.
Ross: Well, if I'm still here in an hour, buy him a drink on me.
Waiter: Can I get you another glass of wine? 
Ross: Nah, I don't know if I should. I don't wanna be drunk when I go home    alone.
Waiter: Got stood up, huh?
Ross: Yeah, it's no big deal. It's just a blind date.
Waiter: Are you worried your date came, saw you, and left?
Ross: No! 
(The waiter leaves.)
[Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment. Monica emerges    from the bathroom.]
Monica: We're okay. I'm still ovulating.
Chandler: Oh, good, because as of four o'clock this afternoon, I am not. 
Monica: So, let's do this.
Chandler: I - I don't think I can.
Monica: Come on. I know you're not eighteen anymore, but give it a minute.
Chandler: Because of Emma.
Monica: Oh my god, Emma. Oh, sweetie, I forgot you were here. Oh, you're    right, we can't do this. We can't leave her alone.
Chandler: Sorry.
Monica: Unless... Maybe we do it here. I mean, how much can she even be aware    of at this age?
Chandler: Well, she's aware when we leave the room. She may notice if we start...    canoodling in it.
Monica: Canoodling?
Chandler: Well, I can't say "hump" or "screw" in front    of the B-A-B-Y.
Monica: I don't know. I mean, I guess having sex in front of a baby isn't    so...
Chandler: Horrifying? Scarring? Something people go to jail for?
Monica: I guess you're right.
Chandler: You guess I'm right? When we stayed at that bed and breakfast, you    wouldn't have sex with me because you thought a deer was staring through    the window.
Monica: But what kind of a sick bastard wants to do it in front of a deer?
[Scene: Another restaurant. Rachel is studying the menu    together with her date, Steve. Steve is the stoned restaurateur from 115    TOW the Stoned Guy.]
Rachel: Wow, everything looks so good! I think I'm gonna have the chicken.
Steve (staring at Rachel): I - I just have to say this; you're really beautiful.
Rachel: Oh, well, that's - that's very sweet. Thank you.
Steve: I'm kind of funny looking. 
Rachel: What?
Steve: Oh, come on, you're way out of my league. Everybody in here knows    it. Bet that guy over there's probably saying, "ooh, why she out with    him? He must be rich!" Well, I'm not! 
Rachel (feeling awkward): So, what do think you wanna order? I'm really    excited about that chicken.
Steve: I'm not funny either. So, if you were thinking, "well, he's    not that good-looking, but maybe we'll have some laughs"... That ain't    gonna happen.
Rachel: Well, come on, Steve; let's not rule out nervous laughter. Hey, now    wait a minute. Phoebe told me that - that you owned your own restaurant.    That's impressive.
Steve: I lost it. To drugs. 
(Steve makes a face as if his mouth is too dry.)
Steve: I silk-screen t-shirts now.
Rachel: Really? What's that like?
Steve: It's really fulfilling doing something you hate for no money. That's    right. I have no money, I'm not funny, I live in a studio apartment with    two other guys, and I'm pretty sure I'm infertile.
Rachel (awkward chuckle): Now, come on, come on, Steve. There must be something    that you like about yourself. 
Steve: I do like my hair.
Rachel: Really? 
[Scene: Central Perk. Phoebe and Joey are there. Phoebe's    cell phone rings.]
Phoebe: Hello?
(Rachel is still at the restaurant, but Steve is gone.)
Rachel: Phoebe, it's me. I'm going to hunt you down and kill you!
Phoebe: Hey, Rach!
Rachel: This is the worst date ever. How could you set me up with this creep?
Phoebe: You know, you are talking about one of my dear, dear friends. 
Rachel: I don't care! This guy is a nightmare!
Phoebe: Oh, right, so he gets a little crazy when he's stoned.
Rachel: He's not stoned.
Phoebe: Did he go out for a cigarette? 
Rachel: Yeah, four times.
Phoebe: My dear, sweet Rach.
(Rachel hangs up in disgust.)
Phoebe (to Joey): Well, our plan is working. Rachel is having a miserable    time, and Ross is just stood up somewhere at a restaurant all alone.
Joey: Oh, great, pretty soon they'll be back together.
Phoebe: By the time anyone's figured out what we've done, we'll be in sunny    Mexico. (BEAT) Oh, wait, that's the end of a different plan.
[Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment. Emma has fallen    asleep in her playpen, and Chandler has fallen asleep right next to her    on the floor. He's even sucking on a pacifier.]
Monica: She's asleep. Chandler?
(Chandler wakes up and looks a bit confused when he finds    that he has a pacifier in his mouth.)
Monica: What are you doing?
Chandler: Emma was doing it!
Monica: She's asleep.
Chandler: Ooh, she's asleep, that means we can...
Monica: Yes, but we have to be fast.
Chandler (laughs): Okay, I'll try. And you can't make any noise.
Monica (laughs): Okay, I'll try. 
(They run to the bedroom and close the door carefully just    as Joey enters.)
Joey: Hello?
(Emma starts making noises, and Joey walks over to her    playpen.)
Joey: Emma? Hey! Hi!
(He picks her up.)
Joey: How are ya? How are ya? Where are your babysitters, huh? Why's the    bedroom door closed?
(He walks over, but just before he knocks on the door,    he hears some moans and looks shocked.)
Joey: You can't have S-E-X, when you're taking care of the B-A-B-I-E!
(He walks out quickly with Emma in his arms.)
[Scene: Delmonico's. Ross is still waiting for his date    and drinking wine. The waiter comes up to him again.]
Waiter: I've got bad news. The Chinese guy left. 
Ross: Eh, if it was meant to be, it's meant to be.
Waiter: Look; you got stood up, who cares? We're gonna show you a good time.    Just sit and relax. In fact, let me bring you a crab cake appetizer on    the house.
Ross: Wow, free crab cakes. Well, that's nice. Although I was hoping to    have sex tonight.
Waiter: Ooh... 
(Ross sees the waiter looking at him.)
Ross: Just the crab cakes.
(Meanwhile, another waiter has come up to the first waiter.)
Waiter #2: What are you    doing? Are you trying to get him to stay? Because you can't do that.
Waiter: Just get out of here, okay?
Ross: What's - what's going on?
Waiter: Eh, okay, the waiters have a little pool going. We have a bet on    how long it'll take before you give up and go home.
Ross: What? You - you're making money off my misery?
Waiter: Well, if you stay till 9:20, I am.
Ross: This is unbelievable. I - I have never been so insulted in my life.    Now, if you'll wrap up my free crab cakes, I'll be on my way.
[Scene: Monica and Chandler's apartment. They're done and    come out of their bedroom. Emma is still gone.]
Monica: Well, that was weird. You were loud, and I was fast.
Chandler: I think we may have really done it this time.
Monica: Oh, I wish I didn't have to wait to take a pregnancy test.
Chandler: You may wanna get some more of those too.
(They walk over to the playpen.)
Chandler: Where's Emma?
Monica: Oh my god, where's Emma? Where's Emma?
Chandler: Don't ask me, I was in there canoodling you!
Monica: Okay, okay, I'm sure that Rachel came home early and picked up Emma.    You go look across the hall, and I'll call her cell.
Chandler: Okay. (Runs out.)
Monica: Hey, you better hope that we're pregnant, because one way or another,    we're giving a baby back to Rachel.
[Scene: The street in front of Central Perk. Rachel and    Steve are walking home from their date. Steve is sobbing.]
Steve (sobbing): I - I can't believe Im crying in front of you. You must    think I'm so pathetic.
Rachel: No, no, no, I admire a man who can cry.
Steve: Really?
(He puts his hand on her shoulder.)
Rachel: Don't touch my coat!
(Her cell phone rings.)
Rachel: Oh, sorry, it's my phone. Hello?
Monica (on phone): Hey, Rach, how's it going?
Rachel: Oh my god, this is the worst date ever!
(Steve starts crying loudly.)
Rachel (to Steve): Look, you know what, I'm sorry, but did you really think    that this was going well? (To Monica.) What's up?
Monica: Hey, did you stop by here?
Rachel: No.
Monica: Oh my god, then...
(Joey and Chandler enter with Emma.)
Monica: Oh, thank god! Emma, there you are!
Rachel: What? What do you mean, "there you are"? Where was she?
Monica: Oh, we were playing "peek-a-boo." She just  she loves    it when I'm dramatic.
(Monica hangs up, and Rachel looks at her phone.)
Monica (to Joey): Why the hell did you take her?
Joey: Because you two were having sex!
Monica: No, we weren't!
Joey: Don't you lie to me! I could tell by Chandler's hair. (To Chandler.)    You are so lazy. Can't you get on top for once?
Chandler: All right, all right, we were. We were trying to make a baby. Monica's    ovulating.
Joey: Hey! It is unacceptable that you two would have sex with Emma in    the next room. I'm gonna have to tell Rachel about this. 
(Joey starts to leave.)
Chandler: No, no, no.
Monica: No, please don't. Please, Joey. She will kill us!
Joey: Hey, I gotta! Unless...
Monica: Unless what?
Joey: Unless you name your firstborn child Joey.
Chandler: What? Why?
Joey: Hey, I may never have kids, and somebody's gotta carry on my family    name.
Chandler: Your family name is Tribbiani.
Joey: (BEAT) (Laughs.) You almost had me.
(He leaves.)
[Scene: The street in front of Central Perk. Steve and    Rachel are still there.]
Rachel: Well, uh...
Steve: Look, I think I know the answer to this question, but... Would you    like to make love to me?
Rachel: Really, really not.
Steve: Eh, it's just as well. Doesn't work anyway.
Rachel: All right, well that's good to know. Good night, Steve.
(She walks over to Central Perk and enters to find Ross    sitting on the couch, eating crab cakes. She takes off her coat while groaning    and shuddering.)
Ross: Hey, what's wrong?
Rachel: I just had a rough night.
Ross: Oh. Crab cake?
Rachel: Eww!
Ross: Well, what happened?
Rachel: Oh, well, I...It's kind of weird talking to you about this, but...
Ross: Monica told me you had a blind date.
Rachel: Yeah.
Ross: I did, too.
Rachel: Oh.
Ross: But is it technically a date if the other person doesn't show up?
Rachel: Oh, oh no. Do you think she walked in, saw you and left?
Ross: Why does everyone keep saying that?
Rachel: Well, if it makes you feel any better, I wish my date hadn't shown    up.
Ross: That bad?
Rachel: Well, he makes t-shirts for a living, and he thought it would be    appropriate to give me this.
(She holds up a black t-shirt with "FBI - Female Body    Inspector" on the front.)
Ross: Female body inspector? What size is that?
[Cut to outside. Phoebe and Joey are walking down the street    to Central Perk.]
Phoebe: Now, wait a minute. So, they're gonna name their first child Joey?
Joey: Uh-huh.
Phoebe: How - how do I get them to name the next one after me?
Joey: It's easy, you just walk in on them having sex.
Phoebe: Oh, so they owe me like, three Phoebes.
(Phoebe sees Rachel and Ross through the window.)
Phoebe: Oh my god! Look, it's Ross and Rachel. Oh, the plan is working.
(Joey does the "plan-laugh.")
Phoebe: Don't, don't do the plan-laugh.
[Cut to inside Central Perk.]
Ross: The first date we've had in months, and they were both such disasters.
Rachel: Oh. Huh. You know, it is weird that Phoebe would    set me up on a date that was awful on the same night that Joey set you    up on a date that didn't even show.
Ross: Wait a minute; you don't think it was intentional? I mean, that's    just stupid.
[Cut to outside Central Perk.]
Joey: We're geniuses! Yeah, look at them, look at them, they're really    bonding.
Phoebe: Oh, yeah, they're falling in love all over again.
(Rachel and Ross turn around and look at Phoebe and Joey    with puzzled expressions on their faces.)
Phoebe: Oh, they see us! Oh, they, they look mad. Oh, they figured it out.    They're coming this way. Run!
Joey: Where?
Phoebe: Mexico!
(They run down the street with Ross and Rachel following    right behind them.)
End credits.
[Scene: Delmonico's restaurant. Ross and Joey are sitting    at a table for four. The waiter is pouring water in their glasses.]
Joey: Can you believe they're still not here?
Ross: I know. A double blind date, and we both get stood up. What are the    chances?
Joey: I know, I'm so bummed. Can we have our free crab cakes now?
Waiter: What?
Joey: We've been stood up. (sniffles) And we want our free crab cakes.
Waiter: Guys, give it a rest. Nobody's betting on you tonight. Although we    do have a pool going to see how long it takes that guy to cry.
(He points at Steve who's sitting at another table. He's    staring at his hands.)
Steve: I have such fat hands!
(He starts crying.)
FRIENDS - 915 - THE ONE WITH THE MUGGING

[Scene: Central Perk, Joey, Ross, Monica and Phoebe are there as Chandler enters]
 
Chandler: (excited) Guys, guys, I've got great news! Guess what
Joey: Uh, ah, Monica's pregnant?!
Monica: (shocked) Really? (She looks around, suddenly embarrassed) Let's get past the moment.
Phoebe: What's your news?
Chandler: Thank you. I got a job in advertising. (Everybody cheers)
Monica: (hugging Chandler) Oh, honey, that's incredible!
Phoebe: (inquisitive) Gosh, what's the pay like? (Everybody stares at her indignantly) Oh, come on people (defending) come on, now, if I don't know who makes the most, how do I know who I like the most! (She looks at Joey) Hey Joey! (Joey winks at her)
Chandler: Actually, it pays nothing. It's an internship.
Joey: Oh, that's cool. We have interns at 'Days Of Our Lives'. 
Chandler: Right. So, it'll be the same except less sex with you. (Joey nods)
Ross: So, uh, what kinda stuff do you think they'll have you do there?
Chandler: Well, it's a training program, but at the end, they hire the people they like.
Phoebe: (enthusiastic) That's great.
Chandler: Yeah, I mean, there's probably gonna be some ground work which will probably stink, you know, grown man getting people coffee is a little humiliating 
Chandler: (grinning awkwardly) Humiliating and noble!
Ross: You know, if I didn't already have a job, I think, I would have been really good in advertising.
Monica: Ross, you did not come up with "got milk?"
Ross: Yes, I 
did, I 
did! (He turns to Joey, disappointed) I should have written it down!

[Scene: Monica and Chandler's Aparment, Monica sits at the table]
Joey: (entering) Hey!
Monica: Hey!
Joey: Where's Chandler? I wanna wish him good luck on his first day. (Monica smiles) ... and I smelled bacon. (taking some)
Monica: He just left.
Joey: (puzzled) Who did? (Monica looks bewildered)
Rachel: (entering) Joey! You never gonna believe it: she called. 
Joey: (standing up, surprised) She did?
Rachel: (enthusiastic) You got it!
Joey: (still surprised) I did?
Monica: What is she talking about?
Joey: I don't know, but it sounds great. 
Rachel: Your agent called. You got that audition.
Joey: With Lennart Haze?
Rachel: Yes.
Joey: Oh my god, that is great! That is *** for a play on broadway and in a real theatre, not that little one underneath the dally like last time.
Monica: Is it a good play?
Joey: Well, it must be, because I read and I didn't understand a singe word. 
Rachel: Yeah, and Lennart Haze is starring in it
Joey: Yeah, yeah, and directing.
Monica: (sighs) He was so good in that movie of MacBeth. 
Rachel: (disbelieving) You saw that?
Monica: No, but I saw the previews. They played it right before Jackass.
Rachel and Joey: (pointing at Monica, a look of recognition in their faces) Ah!
Joey: Yeah, he's done some amazing works.
Rachel: Oh, yeah. Oh, I loved him in those cell phone commercials. 
Joey: (almost laughing) I know. When the monkey hits him in the face with that giant rubber phone. (They all laugh)
Monica: Hey! Maybe the monkey will be at the audition!
Joey: (sitting down) Don't make me more nervous than I already am!
[Scene: Chandler's new workplace, his fellow interns are already seated around a table]
Chandler: (entering) Good morning, everybody.
Intern: Can I get you a cup of coffee, Sir?
Chandler: Oh, no, no, I'm an intern, just like you guys except for the tie, the briefcase and the fact that I can rent a car.
Intern: Seriously, you're an intern?
Chandler: Yeah, well, I'm kinda heading into a new career direction and, you know, you gotta start at the bottom.
Intern: (shaking his head disbelievingly) Dude!
Chandler: Right. Look, I know I'm a little bit older than you guys, but it's not like I'm Bob Hope (he sits down) 
Chandler: The comedian? USO?!
Intern: (correcting him) Uhm, it's USA, sir.
[Scene: Audition room, Joey is lead into the room by a receptionist in a fancy dress]
Receptionist: This is Joey Tribbiani. Joey, these are the producers and, as you probably already know, this is Lennart Haze. 
Joey: It is so amazing to meet you. (They are shaking hands) I'm such a big fan of your work.
Lennart: Well, I've I've been blessed with a a lot of great roles. 
Joey: Tell me about it! "Unlimited nights and weekends!" 
Lennart: You making fun of me? Because I am not a sell-out. (He stands up and walks menacingly towards Joey) I didn't do that for the money, I believe in those phones. I almost lost a cousin because of bad wireless service.
Joey: No, I-I-I wasn't making fun of you, honestly, I-I think you were great in those commercials. 
Lennart: Really?
Joey: Yeah.
Lennart: Well, I do bring a certain credibility to the role.
Joey: (regaining confidence) Are you kiddin'? When they shoot you out of that cannon
Lennart: Peeeeeooooooooch (He mimes flying out of the cannon) "Hang up that phone!" One take!
Joey: Wow!
Lennart: So, shall we read?
Joey: Oh, yah, sure.
Lennart: Top of act two. This is my entrance. You got it? 
Lennart: "What the hell are you still doing here"?
Joey: Err, "I think you know". 
Lennart: "Bastard"!
Joey: "I am what you made me. You know what? I could go right now."
Lennart: "Go, go!"
Joey: "I can't. Oh, I want to, long pause, but I can't."
Lennart: I'm sorry, sorry. You're not supposed to say "long pause"
Joey: (understandingly) Oh, oh, I thought that was your character's name, you know, I thought you were like an Indian or something, you know with a (He mimes wearing a feather on his head)
Lennart: No. Thank you so much for coming in. We appreciate it, thank you. 
Joey: Ah, y-y-you're sure you don't want me to do it again? I could do it with an accent, you know, Southern (He speaks in what he believes is a Southern accent) "I could go right now, maaan!"
Lennart: (stunned, muttering) My god in heaven. 
Producer #1: Joey, hang on for a second. Lennart, can we talk to you for a moment?
Lennart: You, you gotta be kidding. See, h-he, he can't act. (Joey hears that and his disappointment is reflected in his facial expression). 
Lennart: Hey! I-I-I don't care if he's hot, you know. If you want to sleep with him, do it on your own time. (Joey smiles smugly at this) This is a play. No, listen: if you insist on this, I will call my agent so fast on a cell phone that has a connection that is so clear he's gonna think I'm next door.
Joey: (interrupting their conversation) Ah, hi, ah. Thank you so much for whispering for my benefit, but, ah, look, if you just tell me what I did wrong, I'd just love to work on it and come back and try it again for you. And, and also: (to Producer #1) 'How you doing?' (to Lennart again) You should, please, just gimme another chance. I really wanna get better, please. 
Lennart: Well, if you wanna come back at the end of the day today, here are my notes. Ready?
Joey: Yeah.
Lennart: Uhm, you're in your head. You-you're thinking way too much. 
Joey: I really doubt that. 
Lennart: (explaining to Joey, who nods fervently) No, no, no. It's that you're not connected with anything in your body. There's no urgency. The scene is a struggle, uhm, it's a race. Also, what you did was horizontal. Don't be afraid to explore the vertical. And don't learn the words. Let the words learn you. 
Joey: (suggesting) Couldn't I just sleep with the producer?
[Scene: Backstreet, Ross and Phoebe walking]
Phoebe: Hey, do you wanna go to dinner tonight?
Ross: Oh, I can't. I've got a date with that waitress, Katy, yeah, I know we've been only going out like twice, but I have a really good feeling about her. 
Phoebe: Oh, I hear divorce bells. 
Mugger: Alright. Just give me your wallets and there won't be a problem. 
Ross: (taken aback) What?
Mugger: I have a gun (It looks like he has a gun under his coat)
Ross: O-ok. Just relax, Phoene, just stay calm. (He searches his coat and freaks out). Oh my god, I can't find my wallet. 
Mugger: Alright, lady, now give me your purse!

Phoebe: No.
Ross: (still in a high-pitched voice) What do you mean "no"? I knew you'd be my death, Phoebe Buffay. 
Phoebe: Lowell, is that you?
Lowell: Phoebe? (He lifts his cap) Oh my god!
Phoebe: (simultaneously) Oh my god! 
Phoebe: (excited) I'm sorry, Ross, this is my old friend Lowell from the streets. Lowell, Ross.
Lowell: Ross, nice to meet you. (He stretches his hand out to him) 
Ross: Yeah, a real pleasure.
Phoebe: Ah, it's been so long, so long. (They hug again) I can't believe you're still doing this!
Lowell: Ough, I know, but I quit smoking!
Phoebe: Good for you! 
Lowell: So you look like you're doing really well! I guess you're mugging days are behind you?
Phoebe: Ouh (she nods)
Ross: (shocked) Oh my god. Phoebe, you used to mug people? 
Phoebe: Excuse me, Ross, old friends catching up
[Scene: Monica and Chandler's Apartment, Monica sits on the couch as Joey enters]
Monica: Hey, how did the audition go? 
Joey: Well, they wanna see me again this afternoon, but, err, well, Lennart Haze did not like me. (He sits down) 
Monica: What happened?
Joey: Well, he said I wasn't urgent enough, you know, and that everything I did was horizontal and I should be more vertical. Oh, and he said that I should think less.
Monica: So far so good! (Joey nods)
Chandler: (entering, carrying a large box) Honey, I'm old!
Monica: (standing up, walking towards him) What's wrong?
Chandler: I am so much older than these other interns. I can't compete with them.
Monica: So you're a little older. Try to look at the positive: You have all this life experience.
Chandler: Yes, but I don't think life experience with these. (He opens the box and takes an inline skate-like sneaker out)
Joey: Wooooooooow (He takes the sneaker) It's like they're on fire!
Monica: What are they? (They sit down again)
Chandler: They're these prototype sneakers and come up with ideas on how to sell them which I can't do because no self-respecting adult would ever where these.
Joey: (determined) I give you $ 500 for them!
Chandler: What am I supposed to do with these?
Monica: Ah, come on, sneakers are easy. You wear sneakers all the time.
Chandler: Well, first of all, they're not called "sneakers" anymore. Apparently, they're called "kicks" or "skids" and I think I heard somebody say "slorps". (He takes a sneaker) And here, look: they've got these wheels to pop out from the bottom so you can roll around 'cause, apparently, walking is too much exercise. Kids, kids, roll your way to childhood obesity! (to Monica) Would you help me try to sell these?
Monica: Okay, have you considered using a girl with huge knockers? 
Chandler: No, I don't think that's the kinda thing they're looking for. 
Joey: Hey, that'd work on me! Why did I get to buy Mrs. Butterwords? 
[Scene: Central Perk, Monica sits on the couch as Phoebe and Ross enter]
All: Hey, hey!
Ross: Hey, you'll never guess what just happened Phoebe and I got mugged!
Monica: You okay?!
Ross: (sitting down) Yah, because Phoebe knew the mugger! 
Monica: (bewildered) How do you know a mugger?
Phoebe: I'm sorry I have friends outside the six of us. 
Ross: You wanna know how she knew him? (He points at Phoebe) Because Phoebe used to mug people. 
Monica: (shocked) Seriously?
Phoebe: Well, I'm not proud of it, but, you know sometimes when I was living on the street and I needed money for food and stuff I
Monica: (disapproving) Phoebe, that is awful!
Phoebe: Well, ok, I wasn't rich like you guys, ok, I didn't eat gold and have a flying pony I had a hard life, my mother was killed by a drug dealer
Monica: You're mother killed herself!
Phoebe: She was a drug dealer!
Ross: Well, anyway, it was a good thing Phoebe knew the knew him, because (menacingly) I was about to do some serious damage! 
Phoebe: (laughing) Okay
Monica: Well, this must've brought back some really bad memories for you, Ross.
Phoebe: Why?
Monica: Well, Ross was mugged as a kid.
Phoebe: (worried) You were?
Ross: Yeah, it was pretty traumatic. I was outside St. Marc's Comics you know, I-I-I was just there minding my own business, you know, seeing what kinda trouble spiderman got into that week- 
Monica: (coughing) Wonderwoman!
Ross: Anyway, I was heading towards this bakery, you know, to pick up a couple of dozen Linzer torts for someone (He looks at Monica)  when outta nowhere this thug with a pipe jumps out and says: "Gimme your money, punk!"
Phoebe: (shocked) Oh my god
Ross: I know! And-and the worst part was they took my backpack which had all the original artwork I had done for my own comic book: "Science Boy"
Monica: Oh yeah! What was his superpower again?
Ross: A superhuman thirst for knowledge.
Monica: That's it. 
Ross: Well, I-I better get to class (He stands up) Are there any more of your friends I should look out for on my way, Phoebe?
Phoebe: No actually, you might wanna stay away from Jane street that's where stabby Joe works. 
Phoebe: Okay, I think we have a problem here. 
Monica: What?
Phoebe: Well, uhm, back in my mugging days, you know, I, uhm, I worked St. Marc's Comics. 
Monica: Yeah?
Phoebe: Well, a pipe was my weapon of choice and, uhm, pre-teen comic book nerds were my meat. 
Monica: So?
Phoebe: Well, there was this one kid who had a sticker on his backpack that said-
Phoebe 
and 
Monica: "Geology rocks!" 
Monica: Oh my god!
Phoebe: I know I mugged Ross! 
[Scene: Audition room, the producers and Lennart are waiting for Joey]
Receptionist: You're late!
Joey: (entering) I know, I'm sorry, but can I just have a quick second to run to the bathroom?
Receptionist: No, Lennart doesn't wait!
Joey: But I'm bursting with u-hu!
Lennart: (spotting Joey) Joey! Here we go. Let's go very quickly!
Joey: Actually, I really need
Lennart: (interrupting) We must go now, quickly, please.
Joey: Yes ahahaaa (He seems to be in pain)
Lennart: Ready? "What the hell are you still doing here?"
Joey: (walking on the spot) "I think you know!" 
Lennart: "Oh, you sick bastard!"
Joey: "I am what you made me! You know what?"
Lennart: "What?"
Joey: "I could go right now." 
Lennart: "Then go, go!"
Joey: (urgent) "I, oh, I can't. I want to, but I can't!"
Lennart: Cut! That was good. (He turns to the producers) That was very good. You did everything I asked for. 
Joey: (disbelieving) I did? 
Lennart: Yes. Plus what you've got that I don't know what you've got going this squirmy quality that you bring into the character that I couldn't've even imagined. Wow, hey, here's what we gonna do: come back tomorrow for the final callbacks with the ***, do all of this what you've got going now, but  you know what?  more, more. Can you do that?
Joey: Sure, yeah. I don't have time to say thank you because I really gotta go. (He grabs his jacket and limps out of the room)
Lennart: (watching Joey leave) Look at that: still in character, I like it I plant seeds I can't explain.
[Scene: Monica and Chandler's Apartment, Chander sits on the couch as Monica and Rachel enter]
Monica: Hey!
Chandler: Hey!
Monica: What are you doing?
Chandler: Putting on the sneakers thought I'd get into a younger mindset, you know, to see if it sparked anything
Rachel: Oh, anything yet?
Chandler: Yes, how's this: They're so uncomfortable it's like getting kicked in the nuts for your feet!
Joey: (entering) Hey!
All: Hey! 
Joey: Probably wanna know what I'm doing?
Monica: No, that seems about right.
Joey: Yesterday at my audition, I really had to pee, and apparently, having to pee makes me a really good actor. I got a call-back, so I'm drinking everything. Oh, by the way, that egg nog in our fridge was great!
Rachel: Joey, that was formula.
Joey: We gotta get more of that. (He leaves the apartment)
Chandler: (sitting on the couch) You know what these aren't half-bad! (to Rachel) You should suggest something like these to Ralph Lauren.
Rachel: Okay, first of all, that's stupid and second of all, I'm not allowed to talk to Ralph. 
Chandler: Alright (He stands wearing the sneakers on) I feel youger already! 
Chandler: (on the floor) Yah, I think I broke my hip.
[Scene: Central Perk, Phoebe is there drinking coffee and Ross is about to enter]
Phoebe: (spotting Ross) Hey, you!
Ross: Hey!
Phoebe: Hey, how was class?
Ross: No one ever asked me that, what's wrong? 
Phoebe: Nothing, I really wanna know.
Ross: Oh (He looks positively surprised) Well, uhm, there was actually a rather lively discussion about the Pleistocene
Phoebe: (interrupting) Alright, nothing is worth this. Uhm, I have a confession to make uhm, okay, you know, that girl that mugged you when you were a kid
Ross: (disbelieving) Wh-What are you talking about? It wasn't a girl. It was this huge dude.
Phoebe: You don't have to lie anymore, Ross, I know that it was a fourteen year-old girl.
Ross: No, it wasn't.
Phoebe: Yes, it was. 
Ross: No, it wasn't. You don't think I would've defended myself against a fourteen year-old
Phoebe: (interrupting, pinching his year) "Gimme your money, punk!"
Ross: (shocked) Oh my god, it was you! I can't believe it, you you mugged me? 
Phoebe: (apologetic) Yeah, and I'm so, so sorry, Ross, I'm sorry, but, you know, if you think about it, it's kinda neat. (She smiles at him, but he doesn't understand) I mean, well, it's just that I I've always felt kinda like an outsider, you know, the rest of you have these connections that go way back and, you know, now, you and I have have a great one! 
Ross: It's not the best!
Phoebe: I know, I'm sorry, please forgive me. I don't know what to say
Ross: (indignant) There's nothing you can say. That was the most humiliating thing that ever happened to me. 
Phoebe: Really? Even more humiliating than
Ross: (interrupting) Hey, let's not do this! 
[Scene: Chandler's new workplace, we are witnessing a presentation of a fellow intern]
Intern:  and then, at the end of the commercial, the girls get out of the hut tub and start making out with each other!
Boss: (ironic) That's interesting! Just one thought: You didn't mention the shoes. Who's next? (Chandler raises his hand) Chander
Chandler: Okay (He stands up) You start on the image of a guy putting on the shoes. He's about my age
Intern: (snorting) Your age?
Chandler: A-huh. So he's rolling down the street and he starts to lose control, you know maybe he falls maybe hurts himself. Just then, a kid comes flying by wearing the shoes. He jumps over the old guy and laughs, and the line reads: "Not suitable for adults!" 
Boss: Chandler, that's great! 
Chandler: Oh, thank you, sir or man-who's-two-years-younger-than-me (He sits down again)
Boss: You see? That has a clear selling point. It appeals to our key demographic, it's. (enthusiastic) You did you come up with that?
Chandler: (over-enthusiastic) I don't know, I don' I don' know! I was just trying to get into a young mindset, you know, and it just started to flow.
Boss: That is great. Good work!
Chandler. Thank you. 
Boss: See all of you tomorrow. (He leaves)
Chandler: The cold weather hurts my hip!
[Scene: Central Perk, Ross sits in a chair as Phoebe enters]
Phoebe: Hey, Ross! (He lowers his newspaper and scowls at her) I know you're still mad at me, but can I just talk to you for a second? 
Ross: Sure, go ahead. Whoops, sorry, sure, go ahead. (He raises his hands as if being mugged)
Phoebe: I just really wanted to apologize again and and also show you something I think you'll find very exciting. 
Ross: (faking enthusiasm) Oh my god, crap from the street? (She smiles excitedly, but Ross just turns back to his newspaper) 
Phoebe: Look, Ross, in this box are all the things I got from mugging that I thought were too special to sell or smoke. (Ross looks at her in astonishment) Anyway, I was looking through it and I found "Science Boy" (She holds up some sheets of paper and hands them to Ross)
Ross: Oh my god. (He sighs) I never thought I'd see this again. (He browses trough the pages) It's all here. What made you save it all these years? 
Phoebe: I can't say, I just thought it was really good and maybe would be worth something some day. 
Ross: You really thought "Science Boy" was worth saving! 
Phoebe: Yeah but you should know, I also have a jar of vaseline and a cat skull in here. 
Ross: Still this is amazing Oh my god, thank you, Phoebe. 
Phoebe: You're welcome. And thank you for "Science Boy". I learned a lot from him 
Ross: You're welcome. 
[Scene: Audition room, Joey and Lennart are rehearsing]
Joey: (hoping frantically on the spot, screaming) "I need an answer!"
Lennart: "I-I-I can't tell you somethin' I don't know."
Joey: "You know!"
Lennart: "I don't know!"
Joey: "I need an answer now!" 
Lennart: "Alright, here, you want an answer the answer is"
Joey: (screaming) Oh!
Lennart: "She never loved me, she only loved you."
Joey: "You knew this all along and you never told me? You never told me? I can never forgive you, I can never forgive myself, I have nothing to live for  Bang  End Scene!"
Lennart: Absolutely amazing! (The producers applaud Joey) The part is yours. 
Joey: (in pain) Oh thanks, thanks! Now, I really have to get
Lennart: Wa-wa-wa-wait! Congratulations! You did it! You did it! (He hugs Joey) You can relax now. Yeah.
Closing Credits
[Scene: Monica and Chandler's Apartment, Monica sits at the table reading the mail]
Monica: Wow, that's a big cable bill! Huh, you don't have a job, but you have no problem ordering porn on a Saturday afternoon?! (shocked) I was in the house! 
Ross: (entering) Hey, uhm, Phoebe didn't by any chance mention that
Monica:  that she was the huge guy that mugged you? Yah. 
Ross: I see. You didn't happen to tell
Monica:  everybody we know? Yeah.
Ross: Great. Thanks! (He leaves)