The One Where Chandler Gets Caught
Nancy: I thought you didn't smoke.
Rachel: Oh, I thought you guys meant marijuana cigarettes, y'know? Y'know what I mean, like dubbies? And I actually, I thought to myself, "Wow, those guys are crazy!" But no, I actually smoke the regular ones all, all the time.
Kim: We get high.
Rachel: Oh, me too.
Kim: I'm kidding.
Rachel: (Laughs) Oh, me too.
[Scene: Ben and Joey's (Isn't that an ice cream??) callback.]
Ross: Oh God, this is so nerve wracking! How-how do you do this?
Joey: Well, unfortunately, I don't get many callbacks so
Carol: Is it a good sign that they asked us to hang around after the audition?
Joey: Who knows?
The Casting Director: (entering) Okay uh, we have narrowed it down to Raymond, Ben, Kyle, and Joey. The rest of you, thank you very much.
Ross: Yes!! I knew it!! (To the people who didn't make it.) Bye-bye! So long! Later!
Joey: Oh this is great! I might actually get to play Ben's dad!
Ross: Yeah!
The Casting Director: Actually, that can't happen. Yeah because you all have such different looks, we're putting you with Raymond and Kyle with Ben. So it'll be either you two (Points to Joey and Raymond) or you two. (Points to Kyle and Ben.) (Exits.)
Joey: Man, this is gonna be kinda weird.
Ross: Yeah, it is.
Kyle: Yeah. It's gonna be weird.
Ross: No, we-we're gonna be like best friends, that's why it's gonna be weird.
Kyle: Oh, oh, I thought we were just talking.
Commercial Break
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Ross and Chandler are talking.]
Phoebe: (entering, carrying two garbage bags) Hey!
Ross and Chandler: Hi!
Phoebe: Is it okay if I leave this stuff here 'til Rachel's birthday party?
Chandler: Ah sure. What's in 'em?
Phoebe: Umm, cups.
Chandler: Oh good, because uh we got Rachel 800 gallons of water.
Ross: Seriously that's a lot of cups.
Phoebe: Yeah well, that's 'cause Monica put me in charge of cups and ice, and Monica is gonna rue the day that she put me in charge of cups and ice.
Chandler: Y'know I rued the day oncedidn't get a whole lot else done.
Phoebe: Okay, time to bring up the rest of the cups. (She goes and opens the door to Joey.) Oh, hi Joey!
Joey: Hey Pheebs! (To the guys) Hey!
Ross: Hey!
Joey: Ross good, I'm uh glad you're here. I wanna talk to you about something.
Ross: What's up?
Joey: Well, I've been thinking about this whole commercial thing, y'know me going up against Ben, the two of us competing, and that can't lead to anything good. So, I think I'm just gonna step aside. I'm gonna tell them that I won't audition.
Ross: Wow, uh, Joey that's-that's great. Thanks man.
Joey: That's it? You're-you're gonna let me do this?! This-this is my career we're talking about here!
Ross: Well, you just
Joey: I just said that so you wouldn't let Ben do it! Look Ross, if anyone should step aside it should be Ben!
Ross: What?!
Joey: What? Chandler! Tell 'em!
Chandler: (shocked) Well I mean, let me get the door first. (Goes and opens the door.) Oh, hi! No one. (Exits.)
Ross: Why should Ben step aside? It was his audition in the first place! You-you just tagged along! You're like the uh, tag-a-long dad.
Joey: At least I care about his feelings!
Ross: What?!
Joey: Do you know how hard this is gonna be on him when he doesnt get it?
Ross: And why wouldn't he get it?
Joey: Oh, come on! Have you seen what my kid can do?! Huh?! I mean he dials phones! He-he-he eats tortilla chips! He-he plays soccer with the cartoon tiger!
Ross: Are you saying your kid eats soup better than my kid?
Joey: You just give him a spoon baby!
Ross: Oh yeah? I guess we'll just see!
Joey: Yeah! Because this commercial belongs to me and Mitch!
Ross: You're kid's name is Raymond!
Joey: Yeah?! So's yours!
[Scene: Central Perk, Chandler and Monica are there as Rachel enters.]
Monica: (To Rachel) How did work go?
Rachel: Oh it was great! It was great! I went down there just like you said, y'know? And we talked business. Kim totally took my opinions.
Monica: You stink!
Rachel: Thanks!
Monica: No, I'm-I'm serious!
Rachel: Well-well that's 'cause I went down there and they were all smoking. This is actually the smell of success.
Chandler: Okay, there's something different though--Oh my God! You smoked!
Rachel: I did not!
Chandler: Yes you did! You look happy and sick; you smoked!
Rachel: All right, fine! But I had too! I had to do it for my career!
Chandler: I wish I had smoked for my career
Monica: That's so gross!
Rachel: No well, no it's not that bad, y'know? I mean yeah, my tongue feels a little fuzzy and these fingers sort of smell, I actually feel like I can throw up.
Chandler: Okay, but you gotta push past this because it is about to get so good!
Monica: Chandler! I have to tell you, you smell so smokey I have to get up. I'm not kidding. (She's not; she stands and walks away. Chandler moves closer.)
Chandler: I think you smell great! (He sniffs her shoulder.)
[Scene: The smoker's balcony, Rachel, Kim, and Nancy are all puffing away on their cancer sticks.]
Kim: So, we're decided, no on plaid, yes on pink?
Nancy: Absolutely!
Rachel: I am so on board! (She throws away her recently lit cigarette.)
Kim: Rachel didn't you just light that?
Rachel: Yeah, I did, but y'know what? I am really, really trying to cut back, y'know? (Laughs) Good luck, Rach.
Nancy: I've actually been thinking about quitting lately.
Kim: Oh sure, every Sunday night I'm telling myself I'm quitting but every Monday morning it's like (Mimics chain smoking.)
Nancy: Tell me about it!
Rachel: Well then let's just quit! We'll just quit! Let's all quit!
Kim: It does sound appealing.
Nancy: Oh, I never could do it.
Rachel: Oh but you could. You can. Absolutely! We can help each other out! We can get--what are those--those patches! We could be like the Patch Sisters!
Kim: Oh y'know, we really should quit. Okay, let's quit!
Rachel: Yes! Great! Give me those cigs! Give it! Give it! (She grabs their cigarettes and lighters and throws them in the trash.)
Kim: My late husband gave me that lighter. (Rachel laughs.) I'm not kidding.
Rachel: Okay then! (She starts rummaging through the trash to find Kim's lighter.)
[Scene: Joey and Ben's audition, Joey is rehearsing his lines, uh correction, Joey is rehearsing his line.]
Joey: Hmmm, soup! (Tries again.) Hmm soup! (Tries again, with a little caveman thrown in.) Hmm, soup!
Carol: Joey, Ross is gonna be here any second, would you mind watching Ben for me while I use the ladies' room?
Joey: Oh yeah, no problem.
Carol: Thanks. (Exits.)
Joey: (goes over to Ben) Hi Ben! So you wanna be an actor huh? I gotta tell ya, it's no picnic. There's tons of rejection. No stability. One day you're Dr. Drake Remoray, the next day you're eating ketchup right out of the bottle.
Ross: (entering, angrily) Joey!
Joey: (angrily) Ross!
Ross: (angrily) Ben! (Pause.) (Happily.) I mean, Ben! Ben!
The Casting Director: (entering) Okay, Raymond, Joey you're up.
(Raymond and Joey go in the office.)
Joey: Hi!
The Casting Director: Okay, uh well, let's try one. Whenever you guys are ready. (Some dude puts down a couple bowls of soup in front of them.)
Joey: Uh-oh.
The Casting Director: Is there a problem?
Joey: Well this is noodle soup and uh, I've been working with tomato. But that's okay, no problem. No problem. Hmm, noodle soup.
The Casting Director: Y'know, that's-that's fine, but the line is, "Hmm, soup."
Joey: Oh, what did I say?
The Casting Director: Hmm, noodle soup.
Joey: How's that different? (She looks at him until he gets it.) Oh! Yeah!
The Casting Director: All right, let's try one.
(Raymond and Joey both eat a spoonful and Joey turns to Raymond and says)
Joey: Hmm, noodle soup.
The Casting Director: Okay. Let's do it again.
Joey: Okay.
(They do it again.)
Joey: Hmm, soup. (Pause.) I mean, noodle soup. I mean soup!
Raymond: COME ON!!!!
The Casting Director: Y'know what? We need to move on.
Joey: No! No! I-I can do it one more time! See? Look! (Eats another spoonful) Hmm, noodle soup. Damnit! (Storms out.)
[Scene: The smoker's balcony, Kim and Nancy are cheating and are caught by Rachel.]
Rachel: Hey! Hey-hey-hey!!
Kim: Uh-oh, busted!
Rachel: Come on you guys! What are doing?! I thought we were the patch sisters!
Kim: Yeah. That didn't work out.
Nancy: Rachel we tried to quit, but it was too hard!
Rachel: Well y'know if you, if you started smoking again you could've at least told me! Come on, give me one of those! What are we talking about?
Kim: No. No! You're doing great! Dont you give up! That's why we didn't tell you and we're not gonna drag you down with us.
Rachel: Oh wait, no-no-no! Drag me down. Drag-drag me down.
Kim: Forget it Rachel! We're both so proud of how well you're doing. I'm not gonna let you blow it. In fact, if I catch you with a cigarette, you're fired. So go on, get out of here! Go on, I don't want you breathing this stuff! Go on!
Rachel: Okay. (Starts to walk away.)
Kim: (to Nancy) So, okay! So you'll come with me on the Paris trip.
Rachel: (hearing that) Oh man!
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Rachel's surprise party. The apartment is festooned with cups. There are cups everywhere! Cup centerpiece, cup garland, etc., etc]
Phoebe: (To Chandler) Check it out! Cup hat! (Points to her hat.) Cup banner! Cup chandelier! And the thing that started it all, the cup! (Holds up one.)
Chandler: Great job with the cups, Pheebs!
Monica: (overhearing that) Why don't you just go out with her!
(Chandler starts to follow her into the kitchen.)
Phoebe: (following him) And did you notice the ice? (Gestures to 3 huge buckets of ice on the table.) Look! We have it all! We have crushed! Cubed! And dry! Watch! (Pours some water onto the dry ice, causing it to evaporate/smoke.) Ahhh! Mystical!
Chandler: Awesome!
Monica: Chandler! Everyone--no one's eating my Tuscan finger food 'cause they're all filling up on Phoebe's snow cones!
Chandler: There are snow cones! (Monica glares at him.) Snow cones! Yuck!
Monica: Y'knowgo! Go! Right there! (Points)
Chandler: Thank you! Thank you! (Runs to the snow cone machine.)
(Rachel enters.)
Phoebe: (noticing her) Oh, look! Look! Look!
All: Surprise!!
Rachel: What?! What?! My birthday's not for another month!
Monica: That's the surprise!
Rachel: Oh my God! You guys this is so great! I mean it's so unexpected! I mean Chandler's birthday is even before mine!
(Everyone stops and looks at Chandler, who's nodding.)
All: Surprise!
Rachel: Wow! This is great! Look at all these cups! This is so weird.
Phoebe: I was in charge of cups.
Rachel: Oh, okay, not so weird.
[Cut to another part of the room, Ross is going to talk to Joey.]
Ross: Hey!
Joey: Hey.
Ross: Listen man, uh, I'm sorry the audition didn't go so well.
Joey: Yeah right! (Gets up for a refill to his snow cone.)
Ross: No really, I-I am! I feel bad!
Joey: Yeah? Well look Ross, you don't have to. Okay? It's not your fault I suck. I mean what kind of an actor can't even say, "Hmm, noodle soup." (Nods his head in disgust.)
Ross: Yeah y'know what? Maybe-maybe you didn't mess up your audition because you suck, maybe you messed up because you care more about uh, your godson.
Joey: What you do mean?
Ross: I think, sub-consciously
Joey: Wait-whoa-whoa, you lost me.
Ross: (pause) I think on some level, you-you sabotaged your own audition so that Ben would get the part.
Joey: Well, you're way sounds a lot better than mine. (Thinks about it.) Yeah. Yeah! It's not that I'm a bad actor
Ross: No!
Joey: No, it's just ah, I care so damn much about little Ben that uh, it was more important to see him succeed.
Ross: There you go. Thank you!
Joey: Thank you! So, did-did he get it?
Ross: No.
Joey: Eh, what are you gonna do?
Ending Credits
[Scene: The smoker's balcony, Kim and Nancy are out smoking as Chandler sticks his head out the door.]
Chandler: (to Kim and Nancy) Oh, hi! Excuse me, is uh Rachel Green here? I was supposed to meet her for lunch.
Kim: Oh, she doesn't come down here any more. You can find her up on ten.
Chandler: Okay, great.
(Kim exhales and Chandler stares at it longingly.)
Kim: (to Nancy) So we talked about the (Chandler sneaks closer to her cigarette) whole presentation yesterday at lunch (Closer) and he wondered if one person would be enough (Closer) to get a take on the trip (Still closer) and I said, "Yeah, absolutely!" (She's interrupted by Chandler who has reached his goal and takes a drag from her cancer stick.)
Chandler: I'll catch you guys later. (Exits.)
End