The One Where the Stripper Cries
Written by: Scott Silveri  Transcribed by: Eric Aasen Directed by: David Schwimmer (Yeah, that David Schwimmer.)
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey is balancing a mini hockey stick on his hand as Chandler enters from his room carrying a bunch of bills.]
Chandler: (watches Joey for a moment) Okay! (Joey quickly moves the hockey stick so that hes scratching his back with it.) Listen, Im gonna be moving out so you will be in charge of paying the rent.
Joey: Right! And when is that due?
Chandler: First of the month.
Joey: And thats every month?
Chandler: No, just the months you actually want to live here.
Joey: Ahhh.
Chandler: Okay, here is the phone bill. (Hands it to Joey.)
Joey: (looking at it) Oh my God!!
Chandler: Thats our phone number. Now look, I know I kinda sprung this whole me moving out on thing, so why dont I justwhy dont I just cover you for a while?
Joey: No-no! No way! Joey Tribbiani does not take charityanymore.
Chandler: Its not charity, Joe
Joey: No! Forget it! OkayI mean thanks, but Im done taking money from you. All right, I can take of myself. Now, whats next? Come on.
Chandler: Okay uh, heres the electric bill. (Hands it to him.)
Joey: This is how much we pay for electric?!!!
Chandler: Uh, yeah.
(Joey runs over and shuts off the lights.)
Chandler: So, well do the rest of the bills later then?
Opening Credits
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Chandler is talking to Phoebe about trying to give Joey some money.]
Phoebe: So is Joey going to have to give up the apartment?
Chandler: No, I hope not! I tried to offer him some money, but he wouldnt take it.
Phoebe: Well, how much do you think he needs?
Chandler: I figure that $1,500 would cover him for a few months, yknow? But I have to trick him into taking it so I wont hurt his pride.
Phoebe: Why dont you hire him as an actor? You could have him dress up and put on little skits. Whatever you want.
Chandler: Well that would help the pride thing.
Monica: (entering from her room) Hey!
Chandler: Hey! Wow! You look great! Wanna move in with me tomorrow?
Monica: (thinks) Okay.
Chandler: Okay! (They kiss) So, what do you girls have planned for tonight?
Monica: Well, instead of being sad that tonight is my last night together with Rachel we thought wed go out to dinner and celebrate the fact that Rachel is moving in with Phoebe.
Phoebe: And also, my birthday.
Monica: Its not your birthday.
Phoebe: What a mean thing to say! I would never tell you its not your birthday!
(Joey and Ross enter.)
Joey: Hey!
Ross: Hey!
Chandler: Hey!
Phoebe: Hey! So you guys have anything planned for the big last night?
Chandler: Well, instead of just hanging out, we figure wed do nothing.
Ross: Whoa-whoa-whoa, Knicks season opener tonight. I thought maybe you guys would come over and watch it.
Joey: I dont know Ross, not if youre gonna talk about how you gave up a career in basketball to become a paleontologist.
Ross: I did give up a career in basketball to become a paleontologist!
Rachel: (entering from her room) Pheebs, I was wondering
Monica: Youre not dressed yet?! Were supposed to start having fun in 15 minutes!
Rachel: Well and clearly not a minute sooner.
Monica: Rachel, you are packed though right, I mean please tell me that youre packed. 
Rachel: Of course I packed! Monica relax! I just wanted to ask Phoebe her opinion on what I should wear tonight.
Phoebe: My God, I cant get a minute of peace around this place.
[Cut to Rachels bedroom, Phoebe and her are entering. And its obvious that shes not packed.]
Phoebe: Oh my God! Monicas just gonna kill you.
Rachel: Yeah, yeah, I know.
Phoebe: Well, what youre wearing is fine for that.
Monica: (entering) Rachel, I need to borrowYoure not packed!!!! Youre not packed even a little bit!
Rachel: Surprise!!
Monica: What?
Rachel: No, no dont get mad because lookthis is what happened. So I-I started packing, then I realized, "What am I doing? I am lousy at packing!" Right? But you love packing! So, as a gift to you, on our last night, ta-da! 
Monica: (grabs a bag of those Styrofoam peanuts) Ill be coordinator! Oh my God! Im so sorry, I didnt get you anything! Okay, look everybody has to help! Okay? You can help, cant you Phoebe?
Phoebe: I have plans.
Monica: Youre plans were with us.
Phoebe: Thats right.
Monica: All right, Chandler can make boxes, Ross can wrap, and Joey can lift things. Now Phoebe, go tell the guys they have to help out!
Phoebe: Okay.
Monica: Okay! (To Rachel) Oh my God, thank you!!
[Cut to living room, Phoebe enters and closes Rachels door behind her.]
Phoebe: Hurry! Monicas gonna make you pack! Shes got jobs for everyone! Now, its too late for me, but save your selves! (The guys scramble for the door.)
Monica: (entering and interrupting the guys escape attempt) Okay! The movers will be here in 11 hours. Rachel has not packed. Now, everybody has to help! Chandler, were gonna start with
Chandler: Oh nope, I-I have plans with Joey.
Monica: I thought you said you were going to do nothing.
Chandler: Yes, but for the last time.
Monica: Okay fine, now Ross
Ross: Oh, but-but I cant do it.
Monica: Why not?
Joey: (quietly) Ive got Ben.
Ross: Because, because Ive got Ben.
Monica: Its almost 8 oclock, its almost past his bedtime. Where-where is he?
Chandler: Hes at a dinner party.
Monica: Is he really coming? Because I can see right into your apartment!
Ross: Of course he is! What, do you think Id just use my son as-as an excuse? What kind of father do you think I am?
Monica: All right, sorry. (Goes back to Rachels room.)
Ross: (to the guys) I gotta go make a fake Ben.
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey is entering carrying two pizzas.]
Joey: Here it is! Our last pizzas together as roommates.
Chandler: Oh, I wish Id know you were going to do that, I ordered Chinese.
Joey: Oh thats okay. Hey, actually in a way its kinda nice. Me, bringing the food of my ancestors, you, the food of yours!
(Chandler stares at him, dumbfounded, then finally agrees.)
Chandler: Say, Joe, I had a strange idea of what we could do for our last night. What do you say we play a little uh, foosball for money?
Joey: What, are you crazy? You havent beaten me once since my injury plagued 97 season. It would be easier if you just give me your money.
Chandler: Yes it would. What do you say to $50?
Joey: Okay, youre on.
Chandler: Okay, lets play! The big game, Italy vs. China, apparently.
(They start playing.)
[Scene: Rachels bedroom, shes in her closet bringing down her pair of roller blades from a top shelf.]
Rachel: Ohhhhhh, look its the roller blades.
Monica: (starting to cry) Oh God!
Rachel: You remember when we got these?
Monica: No.
Rachel: I guess you werent there. (They hug.)
Phoebe: You guys, we said we were gonna have fun! Come on, hey, remember the time (She starts laughing hysterically.) You dont remember?
Rachel: Im sorry Pheebs, I guess Im just really said that Im leaving.
Monica: Im gonna miss you so much.
Phoebe: Well, this doesnt have to be so sad though. Yknow? Maybe instead of just thinking about how much youre gonna miss each other, you should like think of the things youre not gonna miss.
Monica: I dont think theres anything.
Phoebe: Come on, theres gotta be something.
Monica: Nope, shes perfect.
Rachel: I have one.
Phoebe: Good! Great! You can go first.
Rachel: Uh well, I guess Im not gonna miss the fact that youre never allowed to move the phone pen. (Laughs. Monica lags behind the laugh a little bit.)
Phoebe: Good thats a good one. Okay, Monica, anything? Yknow? Does Rachel move the phone pen?
Monica: Aw, sometimes. Always, actually.
Phoebe: Okay, good. There you go. Doesnt anyone feel better?
Monica: Not just the phone pen. I never get my messages.
Rachel: You get your messages!
Monica: Yeah, well I dont think it really counts if you have to read them off the back of your hand after you fall asleep on the couch.
Rachel: So-so, you missed a message from who? Chandler or your mom? Or Chandler? Or your mom?
Phoebe: Great! It worked! No ones sad.
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, they are just finishing up another game of foosball.]
Joey: (scores) Yes! I win again! Ha-ha! Thats like 500 bucks you owe me! Whoo-ho-hoo! (Goes over to the fridge and starts opening and closing the door rapidly.) $500 that is a loooot of electricity! (By the way, theres nothing in the fridge.) Whoo-ho-ho! (Notices the sparseness of the fridge.) I gotta buy some food.
Chandler: Okay, give me a chance to win my money back. Okay? Sudden death, one goal, $1,000.
Joey: You serious?
Chandler: Oh yes!
Joey: Okay, get ready to owe me!
Chandler: Okay.
Joey: Okay, here we go. Ready?
[In slow motion, as some haunty demonic music plays in the background, Joey throws the ball in, Chandler quits playing and goes for his Chinese food. Joey smacks the ball really hard, shooting it down the table. Chandler slowly takes a bite, the ball bounces off of the wall, heads back up the table, and scores the goal for Chandler.]
Chandler: No! No! No! No(Joey looks at him)one can beat me.
(In frustration, Joey kicks the table, breaking it.)
Chandler: See? Now, thats why only the little fake men are supposed to do all the kicking.
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, the phone rings and Monica answers it as Rachel and Phoebe move a box into the living room.]
Monica: Hello? (Listens) Oh, hi Ross! (To Rachel) See? Other people call me!
Rachel: Ooh, your brother. Score!
Monica: (on phone) Whats up?
Ross: Oh, Im just over here with Ben. I thought wed say hi.
Monica: Oh, put him on!
Ross: Ben, say hi to Aunt Monica. (He holds the phone to the fake Ben he has created out of a pumpkin.) Oh, I guess he doesnt feel like talking right now. Hes smiling though! Okay, talk to you later.
[Scene: Rachels bedroom, Rachel is entering carrying two glasses of wine. She gives one to Phoebe, keeps one, and completely ignores Monica.]
Phoebe: Yeah, I think it was better when you guys were sad. Hey, uh, remember the roller blades?
Rachel: You know what else Im not gonna miss? "Im Monica. I wash the toilet 17 times a day. Even if people are on it!"
Monica: "Hi Im Rachel, is my sweater too tight? No? Oh, Id better wash it and shrink it!"
Rachel: "Im Monica, I dont get phone messages from interesting people. Ever!"
Phoebe: Hey! I call her!
Monica: "Oh my God, I love Ross! I hate Ross! I love Ross! I hate Ross!"
Rachel: "Oh my God, I cant find a boyfriend! So I guess Ill just stumble across the hall and sleep with the first guy I find in there!"
(Monica picks up one of those boxes of hair curling things, dumps it in a box, and storms out.)
Phoebe: Yeah, we should get a move on if we wanna make those dinner reservations. (Phoebe dumps a drawer full of makeup into a box.)
Commercial Break
[Scene: Chandler and Joey's, Joey is examining the broken foosball table as Chandler enters from his room.]
Chandler: Still broken?
Joey: This sucks man! The last night youre here and I lose the two most important things in my life, the foosball table and $500.
Chandler: Well, there are other ways of winning back your money, how about a little uh, a little Blackjack? (Holds up a deck of cards.)
Joey: Nah, not my game.
Chandler: Okay, uh, how about, how aboutyknow what? We could play a new game. A new game, its fun.
Joey: Well, whats it called?
Chandler: Cups.
Joey: I dont know how to play Cups.
Chandler: Ill teach ya! Come on, come on, its really easy and really, really fun.
Joey: All right.
Chandler: Okay, here you go. (He deals out two cards each.) I have two queens, what do you have?
Joey: A two and a five.
Chandler: Ho-ho, you win! 50 dollars!
Joey: Really?!
Chandler: Oh yeah! Okay, lets play again. (He deals out two cards each again.) What do you got?
Joey: A four and a nine.
Chandler: Youre kidding right?
Joey: No. Why?
Chandler: Well thats a full cup! (Pays him again.)
Joey: Damn! I am good at Cups!
[Scene: Monica and Rachel's, Monica is whining to Phoebe about Rachel.]
Monica: Im not talking to her!