THE ONE AFTER JOEY AND RACHEL KISS
Written by: Andrew Reich & Ted Cohen   Transcribed by: Coffee Mug
[Scene: Barbados, Monica and Chandler's Room. They both enter from Ross's   room. Monica still has her big, frizzy hair.]
Monica: Oh, the way you crushed Mike at ping pong was such   a turn-on.You wanna...? (plays with her finger on Chandlers chest)
Chandler: You know, I'd love to, but I'm a little tired.
Monica: I'll put a pillowcase over my head.
Chandler: You're on!
(they start to get ready, but then Phoebe enters through the door from Ross's   room)
Phoebe: Hey!
Monica: What's up?
Phoebe: Well, okay, Mike's taking a shower, which by the   way there's  no law against. And then we're gonna grab some food, so if you   want...
(there's a door slamming in Ross's room, and some indistinct murmuring)
Ross: ... finally...
Phoebe: Is that Ross?
Monica: Yeah, you can hear everything through these stupid   walls.
Phoebe: Sounds like he's with someone.
Chandler: He could be alone. This morning I heard him do   push-ups, and then talk to his triceps.
Monica: Wait a minute, I think Phoebe's right. You know I   hear someone else in there with him.
(they all put their ear against the wall to be able to hear what's   being said. We move to Ross's room where he and Charlie are kissing.)
Charlie: Ooh... Dr. Geller!
Ross: God, you're amazing... I didn't even have to ask you   to call me that.
Monica: Oh my God, that's Charlie!
Chandler: She's cheating on Joey with Ross!
Phoebe: Oh that tart... floozy... giant...
Monica: I'm not sure about this.
Phoebe: Yeah, you're right. This is none of our business.
Monica: No I'm not sure that it's  the best way to hear   everything. Someone get me a glass!
Phoebe: Oh, I'm not gonna do this, okay? I'm not gonna eavesdrop   on my friend.
Rachel: (through wall) Ooh... I love Barbados!  
(Phoebe starts to listen at the other wall, where Rachel's room is. There,   Joey and Rachel are kissing.)
Joey: Ooh... I can't believe I'm kissing you. I'm  kissing Rachel!
Rachel: I know, I'm her!
(they start to kiss again, and Phoebe turns to Chandler and Monica)
Phoebe: (whispering) Rachel and Joey! It's Rachel and Joey!!!
Monica: What?
Phoebe: Get over here!
(Chandler and Monica take a sprint to the other wall)
Rachel: ooh...
Chandler: Wow!
Monica: (in her Monica-excited-way... TOO LOUD!) Oh my God,   I love how thin these walls are!
(In the rooms next door, Joey, Rachel, Ross and Charlie stop kissing and try   to understand what the yelling was about. After a while they continue kissing.   We're back in Chandler and Monica's room. Monica has some of her own hair   stuffed in her mouth by Chandler.)
Monica: (muffled) Thank you.
OPENING CREDITS
(Rachel and Joey's)
Rachel: Hey, you know, before you said  that nothing could happen between us? What changed?
Joey: Well, I only said that because of Ross, you know. Then   I saw him kissing Charlie...
Rachel: What? Ross and Charlie? (Joey nods) Wow! She's really   making her way through the group, huh? Ah, who am I to talk?
(Chandler and Monica's)
Monica: I can't believe this. Rachel and Joey?
Chandler: How about the dinosaur twins in the other room?   No-one is manning that wall!
Monica: I'm on it!
Chandler: Anything?
Monica: I think I hear curtains closing... 
Phoebe: We've got shoes being kicked off over here.
Monica: Bedsprings, unmistakable!
Chandler: You do realise  that's your brother?
Monica: Not until you said it. Somebody switch! (Chandler   makes a clicking sound with his fingers and Phoebe runs to the other wall.   Monica returns to Chandlers wall.) Wait a minute... Ross and Charlie, Joey   and Rachel, Phoebe and Mike! We're the only people  leaving with the   same person we came with.
Chandler: That's not true. I came with Monica and I'm leaving   with Weird Al.
Monica: Okay, I've had it with the hair jokes. Tomorrow morning,   before we leave, I'm going to the salon.
Chandler: Okay Buckwheat!
Phoebe: You gotta hear this, it's great... It's like free   porn! (Chandler eagerly rushes over)
(Ross and Charlie's)
Ross: Weh...*sigh*
Charlie: uhm... Is everything okay?
Ross: Yeah, It's just... I don't think I can do this...
Charlie: Ooh... Is it because of what might be on the bedspread,   because I saw that news report too, with the infra red and the ... I could   just...
Ross: No, NO! (they're moving to the side of the bed, where   they sit down) Look, I need to talk to Joey. I mean, you guys just broke up.   Before anything more happens between us, I need to know he's okay with it.
Charlie: I uhm... I completely understand.
Ross: Alright, I'm gonna go find them... (twitches a bit,   looks down) I just need a... need a before I can... you know. (gestures standing   up... they sit and wait for a while) Grandma... grandma... grandma... (he tries   to concentrate...) Okay, I see you later.
Charlie: Okay...
(Chandler and Monica's, all three of them are listening at the wall to   Ross and Charlie's)
Phoebe: That's the door. He's gone...
Chandler: And she's... turning on the TV... and watching...   Miss Congeniality!
Monica: Honey, if you know it through a wall, you know it   too well!
(They are still listening at the wall, when Ross enters their room)
Ross: Hey, what are you guys doing?
Phoebe: Oh, we're just... we're sad to go so we're just saying   goodbye to the hotel. (hugs the wall) I love you... Paradise Hotel, Golf resort   and Spa... (she walks away from the wall)
Monica: (also hugs the wall) Yeah, we had a great time, thank   you! (walks to Phoebe)
Chandler: (caresses the wall with his finger) Bye!
Ross: Okay, uhm... Hey, you guys seen Joey anywhere?
Chandler: He's probably in his room with his current girlfriend   Charlie. That's the situation as we know it... (walks to Phoebe and Monica)
Ross: Well, if you see him could you please tell   him I'm looking for him?
Chandler: You got it!
Ross: Thanks! (walks out of the room and starts hugging the   wall) Thank you! (closes the door)
Monica: Other wall, people! Other wall!
(they rush to the wall to Rachel and Joey's, and we move to that room)
Ross: (knocks on door) Rach,  you there? (Joey and Rachel   both get up from the bed)
Joey: Oh my God, it's Ross. What are we gonna do?
Rachel: Oh, ju-ju-just stay calm. Just be calm. For all he   knows we're just hanging out together. Right? Just be nonchalant. (Joey like   stands at attention with his chest forward and his hands on his sides, looking   up at the ceiling with his lips pouted.) That's not nonchalant!
Joey: No idea what it means.
Rachel: Oh... okay, just hide!
Ross: (knocks) Rach?
Rachel: Coming! Try under the bed, try under the bed!
(When Rachel  starts to look under the bed if Joey would fit under there, Chandler opens   the door inbetween the rooms, grabs Joey by his shirt and drags him to his room, and closes the door again)
Rachel: There's no room under the bed. (looks around because   she can't find Joey anymore)
Ross: Is everything okay?
Rachel: Yeah... (still looking to see where Joey went, and   opens the door)
Ross: Hey.
Rachel: Hi...
Ross: You know where Joey is?
Rachel: ...I really don't... (looks around again)
Ross: Can I talk to you for a minute?
Rachel: Yeah, sure... (looks outside into the corridor if   Joey is there)
(Monica and Chandler's room. Phoebe, Monica and Chandler have their ears pressed   against the wall, and Joey looks at them)
Joey: I don't believe this... Have you guys been...
Phoebe: Shhh... This is the listening side of the   wall.
(Now Joey also wants to listen, and wants to press his ears against the door,   which has a big mirror on it, he hesitates seeing himself in the mirror, but   still puts his ear against it. We move again to Rachel's room.)
Ross: And then she told me that she and Joey had broken up,   and that part of the reason was that she had feelings for me.
Rachel: (clearly not listening and still trying to find out   where Joey went) Uh-huh... right... yeah...
Ross: And you know I wanted to ask Charlie out since the   day I met her.
Rachel: (still searching) Oh, I know... I know it's been   really hard for you.
Ross: Anyway, one thing lead to another, and... oh... before   you know it, we were kissing. I mean, how angry do you think Joey is gonna   be?
Rachel: (now looking up at the ceiling) That is hard to say,   Ross. That is hard to say.
Ross: You know, I gotta go find him. He's gotta be here someplace.
Rachel: You would think!
(Ross leaves the room)
Rachel: Joey!
Joey: Is he gone?
Rachel: (still can't find him) How are you doing this?
(Joey now enters the room through the door, Monica, Chandler and Phoebe are   following him.)
Joey: Pssst...
Rachel: How... wha... Hey! What are you... What is this?   Have you guys been listening this entire time?
Monica, Chandler and Phoebe: YE-AH!
Phoebe: Now, what is this?
Rachel: Ah, what is this? Well, lets see, we kissed for ten   minutes and now we're talking to our friends about it, so I guess this is sixth   grade!
Phoebe: Oh no... Have you thought about it how complicated   this could get? What about Ross?
Joey: Well, he's with Charlie now.
Monica: Yeah, but he wants to talk to you before anything   really happens with her. And as his friend, I mean, don't you think   he deserves the same from you?
Joey: (long pause and he twitches a bit) You're a pain in   my ass, Geller!
Rachel: All right, look you guys... Look, we appreciate all   the advice, but this is between Joey and me and I think we can handle it...
Chandler: Okay, well we'll go back in there, but will you   do one thing for us? The people that  care about you?
Rachel: Sure...
Chandler: Enunciate!
Rachel: Get out!
(They leave and Rachel locks the door.)
Rachel: Are they right?
Joey: Probably, yeah... I mean, maybe we should... hold off   until we talk to Ross.
Rachel: Yeah... Yeah, we can wait, we don't have   to do anything tonight.
Joey: Yeah, I think that'd be best... So, so I'm gonna...   I'm gonna take off...
Rachel: (Joey walks to the door) Although... 
Joey: (turns around very fast) I like although!
Rachel: I mean, you know... Ross and I haven't dated in like...   six years...
Joey: Six years? Wow... It's almost as long as highschool...
Rachel: Plus, you know, he is with Charlie now.
Joey: Absolutely! He's not thinking about you.
Rachel: No...
Joey: I'm thinking about you...
Rachel: Yeah...
Joey: Let's forget about Ross...
Rachel: Forgotten.
(They want to kiss, but just before their lips touch, Rachel pulls back quickly,   gasping)
Joey: What's wrong?
Rachel: Nothing...
Joey's voice, but she sees Ross: Seriously... What is it?
Rachel: Nothing... It's really... It's nothing... Come here,   come here...
(again, just before their lips touch, she pulls back, gasping)
Joey's voice/Ross: What's wrong?
Rachel: Sorry, I just uhm... I can't seem to get Ross out   of my head...
Joey: Well, maybe I can help. (he grabs her head passionately,   closes his eyes and kisses... Ross in Rachel's dress! He realises it too late,   and when he does, pushes Ross's/Rachel's head away)
Rachel/Ross: Ooh, your lips are so soft... Do   that again... (and she/he moves in for another kiss. Joey, pushes her head   away again...)
Joey: Yeah... we really need to talk to Ross...
Both: Yeah
COMMERCIAL BREAK
[Scene: Chandler and Monica's room. Chandler is packing when Ross knocks on   the door and enters...]
Ross: Hey!
Chandler: Hey!
Ross: You guys ready to go?
Chandler: Not quite. Monica's still at the salon, and I'm   just finishing packing.
Ross: Dude! You're not taking your Bible?
Chandler: You're not supposed to take that. Besides, it's   a New Testament, what are you gonna do with it?
Ross: Learn about Jesus...
(Charlie now also enters the room, Chandler walks to the bathroom)
Ross: Hey!
Charlie: So, did you talk to Joey?
Ross: Uh, no... no. I couldn't find him. I'm just gonna talk   to him on the plane.
Charlie: Yeah, sounds like a good idea... Dr. Geller!
Ross: Stop it!
Charlie: PHD
Ross: You're filthy!
(Phoebe enters)
Phoebe: Hey, have you guys seen Monica?
Ross: Uh, actually I think she went to the salon.
Phoebe: Oh yeah, oh, she went to the salon alright...
(Monica enters, with her hair braided and little shells at the end)
Monica: Check it out!
Phoebe: Who's day just got better? CHANDLER!
(Chandler enters from the bathroom)
Chandler: Hey!... aaaaaahhhh!
Monica: What do you think?
Chandler: I think.... I think I can see your scalp.
Monica: Don't you just love it?
Ross: Ye... Yeah... Yeah... You got shellfish in your head.
Charlie: It's so... something... You go girlfriend!
Ross: You've never said that in your life, have you?
Charlie: Not once.
Ross: I thought so.
Monica: And listen to this... (shakes her body so the shells   tingle)
Chandler: What d'ya know... It's a treat for the eyes and the   ears.
[Scene: Boarding the plane.]
Joey: Whoo, whoo. Wow, it's uhm... kinda weird that I'm sitting   next to Charlie after we broke up.
Chandler: Yeah, it's almost if Air Barbados doesn't care   about your social life.
Joey: Look, does someone mind switching to sit with Charlie?
Ross: Oh, I uh, I mean, I... dude, I spent the whole conference   with Charlie.
Joey: I understand...
Ross: No, I'll do it. (he quickly grabs Joey's boarding pass   and gives Joey his one.)
Chandler: Wish I could switch with someone. I really don't   wanna sit with Allen Iverson over there.
(Switch to Phoebe and Mike, who are kissing)
Phoebe: Uhm... You know, once we're in the air and the captain   turns off the seatbelt sign... you feel free to roam about my cabin...
Mike: You should be careful when checking your overhead bins,   'cause items may shift during...
Phoebe: Aaah... you're not good at this...
Mike: You don't have to go home tonight, do you?
Phoebe: No, I think I can come over. It's Saturday, right?
Mike: Oh...
Phoebe: What?
Mike: Uhm... I can't do anything tonight.
Phoebe: Why not?
Mike: I have a date.
Phoebe: You have a... You have a date? With who?
Mike: Oh, it's... my girlfriend.
Phoebe: (lets go of his hand) You have...  have a girlfriend?
Mike: Yeah... Well, when... you and I broke up I started   seeing someone.
Phoebe: For how long?
Mike: Three months.
Phoebe: Three months? Okay... This is probably none of my   business, but uhm, how long do you think you're gonna keep seeing her?
Mike: I'll tell her that it's over tonight at dinner. I   promise.
Phoebe: Oh, okay... good. You do that. And then when you   get home, maybe there'll be a special delivery package waiting for you.
Mike: Maybe I'll sign for it. Tear it open. Pull out the   packing material...
Phoebe: You know what, we're gonna have sex. Let's just leave   it there.
(cut to Charlie and Ross)
Ross: Right, I'm gonna go talk to Joey. I think this is the   right time. He's always in a good mood after the flight attendant says "duty   free".
Charlie: Okay... Good luck.
(Ross gets up and gestures to Rachel, we cut to Joey and Rachel)
Rachel: Ross is coming over. I think now would be a really   good time to talk to him.
Joey: I guess so. I'm just... really nervous.
Rachel: Okay, well keep in mind that by the time you're done,   they'll probably be serving dinner.
Joey: Ooh...
Rachel: Still nervous?
Joey: I'm gonna get the lasagna.
Ross: Hey Rach...
Rachel: Yeah!
Ross: Do you mind if I sit here for a sec.?
Rachel: Yeah, yeah sure! Yeah! (mouths "Good luck" to   Joey and gets up from her seat)
Ross: Hey!
Joey: Hey!
Ross: So, I uhm... kinda need to talk to you about Charlie.
Joey: Yeah?
Ross: Okay, last night after you guys broke up... so sorry   to hear about that, by the way... Well, Charlie and I were talking, and...,   well...
Joey: You kissed.
Ross: Wha... (gasps) What? What would give you that idea?
Joey: I saw you.
Ross: Yeah, we kissed, but... nothing else... nothing else   happened, okay.
Joey: Ross, Ross, Ross... It's okay.
Ross: What?
Joey: It's okay. You know, I totally understand,   alright? You guys, make way more sense than her and I ever did, you know. And...   I want you to be happy.
Ross: Are you serious?
Joey: Yeah... Now I have something...
Ross: I am speachless... I mean the fact that you would put   my happiness first like that. I mean, you're an incredible friend, you know   that?
Joey: Oh... uh...  look... before you...
Ross: No, I mean it. You are so loyal man, and selfless,   and generous...
Joey: I am those things, yeah.
Ross: You know what? I know Chandler longer, so I always   think of him as my best friend, but now... I may have to rethink some   stuff...
Joey: Dude!
Ross: Hey, if there is ever, anything I can do for you...
Joey: I can't think of anything.
(They both hug, and Rachel, who was in the back of the plane, sees this and   smiles.)
Ross: Thanks!
Joey: Yeah.
(Ross walks to the back of the plane, where Rachel is.)
Rachel: So hi!
Ross: Hi!
Rachel: So you eh, you talked to Joey?
Ross: Ah, yeah. We had a really good talk.
Rachel: Oh! That's great!
Ross: Yeah!
Rachel: Oh, so everything's okay?
Ross: Oh, no, it's great. It's great. He is... He is an amazing   guy.
Rachel: Ah... Well, obviously I think so too.
Ross: Well, I'm so excited about this.
Rachel: Really? Excited?
Ross: Are you kidding? I have had some very dirty dreams   about this...
Rachel: Excuse me! (and she walks back to Joey, who is still   looking very impressed about what Ross said to him. Rachel looks at him and   hits him.) You didn't tell him, did you?
Joey: I couldn't. He was saying all these really nice things   about me. I didn't want him to get mad and take 'em all back. I'm on a edge   on Chandler.
Rachel: Oh God! Alright, fine. You know what Joey, forget   it. When we go back to New York, I will tell him.
Joey: Thank you. Yeah, I appreciate that.
(Chandler walks by and Joey lets out an evil "muhahaho".)
COMMERCIAL BREAK
[Scene: Mike's apartment. Phoebe's there and the phone rings.]
Phoebe: Hi, Mike's place.
Mike: Hey, it's Mike.
Phoebe: Ooh, that was fast.
Mike: Oh, err... no, she's not here yet. You know, I think   I'm just gonna take off and break up with her over the phone...
Phoebe: Yeah, you can't do that! Oh, come on Mike, strap   on a pair.Why don't you just tell her that we got back together. You know,   women appreciate honesty. We also appreciate gentle spanking once in a while.   Just F.Y.I.
Mike: One more thing... There... might be a picture of Precious   on my coffee table.
Phoebe: Her name is Precious? Is she a purebreed or did you   pick her up at the pound?
Mike: Anyway, I just wanna give you a heads up. 
Phoebe: Okay, oh and you know, if she gets upset, just scratch   her tummy and give her a liver snout. (laughs and hangs up the phone)
(there's knocking on the door which Phoebe opens)
Precious: Hi, I'm Precious, who are you?
Phoebe: (stunned) I... I'm Phoebe.
Precious: Phoebe? Mike's ex-girlfriend Phoebe, the love of   his life? That Phoebe?
Phoebe: Enchant (she holds out her hand, and they shake   hands)
[Scene: Chandler and Monica's apartment. Monica's carrying the laundry hamper   to their coffee table.]
Monica: Oh, I can't wait for everyone at work to see these...   (plays with her hair to make the shells tingle again) Ow!
Chandler: You go back to work tomorrow night, right?
Monica: Yeah!
Chandler: So if you want people to see them, then by definition   you're not  having them taken out... say, at the break of dawn?
Monica: Well, if I had them taken out, then I wouldn't be   able to do this. (she pushes Chandler on the couch and brushes her   hair and shells against Chandler's chest) You like that, right? (again, she   brushes her hair against his chest and hums...)
Chandler: What are you singing?
Monica: It's "Bolero" from "10".
Chandler: It's "Ride of the Valkyries" from "Apocalypse   Now"...   See, here's the thing: The corn rose were really a solution to your frizzy   hair problem. And now that we're home, we don't have that problem anymore,   so if you think about it... I hate them!
Monica: You what? You said you liked them.
Chandler: Did I? Let's refresh. I believe what I said was   that I could see your scalp.
Monica: Fine, so you don't like them. Everybody else does.
Chandler: Again, let's journey back... As I recall what Rachel   said, was  she had never notice the shape of your skull before. And Joey...   Well, Joey didn't realise that there was anything different.
Monica: You know what? I don't care. I like it like this,   and I'm gonna keep it. You're just jealous because your hair can't do this...   (and she shakes her head more violently) OUCH!
Chandler: Hit yourself in the tooth?
Monica: And the eye!
[Scene: Ross's apartment.Someone's knocking on the door. Ross rushes to the   door and it's Rachel with Emma.]
Ross: (gasps) Hi... There she is. Hi Emma. Oh my God, I missed   you. (kisses her) Oh Emma, I missed you so much. Hey... Did you have   a good time with grandma Green? Huh? Did she give you a bottle of anti-depressants   again to use as a rattle? (to Rachel)
Rachel: That was one time, Ross, and they were only like   5 milligrams.
Ross: Ooh hey, Emma, daddy has some presents for you okay?   Okay? I want you to wait right here. Come here sweetie.
Rachel: Aaah... Ross, actually there's something that I really   need to talk to you about.
Ross: (unpacking his bag) Okay, shoot!
Rachel: Okay, uhm... alright, here's the deal.
Ross: (gasps) OH NO!
Rachel: What? What is it?
Ross: Oh, major shampoo explosion!
Rachel: Uh, look Ross, this really isn't easy.
Ross: Oh, it's all over everything. Why?   Why me? (looks up)
Rachel: Because you took three hundred bottles of shampoo?
Ross: I'm sorry, I'm sorry. You were saying?
Rachel: Well, yeah... Okay, look it's about me and...
Ross: Oh, not another one! Oh my G... And this is moisturiser.   It's even harder to clean! Why? Why do bad things happen to good people?
Rachel: Wow! Well, clearly this is not a good time.
Ross: Duh, you think? (enters the kitchen)
[Scene: Mike's place. Phoebe is on the phone.]
Phoebe: Okay, bye. Alright, so Mike's on his way over. See,   you thought you guys were meeting here, and he thought you were meeting at   the restaurant, so you know... Doesn't really matter who's right or wrong.   Point is... I'm gonna take off.
Precious: I'm not letting you leave until you tell me what's   going on here. I mean, are you guys getting back together or something?
Phoebe: Alright... Susie, can I call you Susie?
Precious: My name is Precious.
Phoebe: Yeah, I can't say that. uhm... Susie, I'm gonna be   straight with you... Mike and I are back together... and uhm... unfortunately   that effectively ends your relationship with him. And he's very sorry about   that and wishes you the best of luck in all your endeavours.
Precious: I just can't believe this... Why?
Phoebe: Well, I don't...
Precious: Oh, why would he do this? I mean, what's wrong   with me?
Phoebe: Nothing, there's nothing wrong with you.
Precious: I mean, what the hell am I supposed to do now?
Phoebe: Damn it woman, pull yourself together! Have  some pride, for the love of God.
(Precious starts crying)
Phoebe: Okay, not a fan of the tough love.
Precious: I just can't believe that Mike didn't give me any   warning.
Phoebe: But he didn't really know, you know. He wasn't planning   on coming to Barbados and proposing to me...
Precious: He proposed to you? This is the worst birthday  ever.   (she starts to cry again)
Phoebe: Look, Precious... Mike's not worth this.   You're an attractive, intelligent woman and let's face it, Mike's kind of a   wang. I mean, he proposed to me while he was still seeing you... He was gonna   break-up with you on your birthday? And, I don't like to kiss-and-tell,   but he cheated on you a lot this weekend.
Precious: Oh, my God, maybe you're right. Maybe I don't need   him. I deserve to be treated with respect.
(Mike enters the apartment.)
Precious: Screw you, Mike. You're a coward and a bastard,   and I hope you rot in hell. 
(she slaps him in the face, Mike looks like he  doesn't believe what just happened. Precious leaves, and he turns to Phoebe.)
Phoebe: You're welcome!
[Scene: Chandler and Monica's. Only Chandler is in the living room and walks   to the bathroom.]
Chandler: Honey, you've been in there for a long time...   Is everything okay?
Monica: Not really. 
(Chandler enters the bathroom, and Monica is standing there in a towel, with   her hair stuck in the shower curtain.)
Monica: I have a problem.
Chandler: Really? What happened?
Monica: Well, I was dancing around, and singing "No Woman,   No Cry" and I got stuck.
Chandler: You can't move at all?
Monica: Oh, well, I can move... (she moves back and forth   the shower curtain rail, opening and closing the shower curtain with her hair   as she goes)
Chandler: If I untangle you, will you please get rid of the corn rose?
Monica: (looking disappointed) I guess so...
Chandler: (trying to untangle her) Some of these look a little   frayed.
Monica: Yeah, I tried to gnaw myself free.
[Scene: Rachel and Joey's apartment. Joey enters.]
Joey: Hey!
Rachel: Hi!
Joey: So, did you err... did you tell Ross?
Rachel: Well, I tried, but then he had a shampoo related   emergency. So I guess now it's your turn again.
Joey: No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no... I think it's better   if you tell him, you know. It's easier for a woman. That way, you know, if   he gets mad, all you have to do is go... I didn't mean it. I'm so so--ooory. (he   pushes  his breasts together from the side)
Rachel: Yeah, 'cause that's what we do.
Joey: Alright, alright, okay, uhm... How 'bout this, how   about this? Tomorrow... tomorrow we'll both go and we'll tell him together.
Rachel: Okay, that sounds fair. It just means that once again   we can't...
Joey: I know, I know..., but that's okay. I mean, we can   control ourselves, we're not animals.
Rachel: No! Of course we can wait. Alright, so I guess that   means good night then?
Joey: Yeah! Good night! (they give each other a small kiss   on the mouth, and stare at each other for a while)
Rachel: Goo--ood night!
Joey: Good night! (they give each other a kiss again, but   this time it lasts longer)
Rachel: Seriously, good night!
Joey: Stop saying good night.
Rachel: Okay.
(Now they kiss passionately... and then Ross enters with Emma. They freeze,   pull away and look at Ross who looks like he just can't believe what he's seeing.   Joey straightens his shirt, and Rachel says I'm so-oo sorry, and   presses her breasts together, just like Joey did before.)
COMMERCIAL BREAK
[Scene: Monica and Chandler's. Monica walks in with one of those knitted Rasta   hats.]
Monica: Look what I found in the drawer... (Chandler looks   up from his book.) And you said I'd never wear this...
Chandler: Now that I untangled you, how 'bout you doing a   little something for me?
Monica: Sure, what do you have in mind?
Chandler: I think you know.
Monica: Really? I don't really feel like it.
Chandler: This is what I want to do.
Monica: Okay, I just don't get why you like it so much.
Chandler: (Picks up the "Miss Congeniality" DVD) She's an   FBI agent, posing as a beauty contestant.
THE END
1002 - THE ONE WHERE ROSS IS FINE
Written by: Sherry Bilsing-Graham & Ellen Plummer   Directed by: Ben Weiss   Transcribed by: Kreidy
[Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment. The scene starts where we took off in the last episode with Ross seeing Joey and Rachel kissing. Rosss tares at them.]
Joey: Okay, Ross, I realise that you didn't expect to walk in and see  that, but.. Let me explain, okay?
Rachel: We weren't doing anything!
Joey: Rach, he just saw us.
Rachel: Shhh.
Joey: But what you saw, that is the extent of it, okay? One kiss.
Rachel: No, come on, that is a lie. We also kissed in Barbados.
Joey (to Rachel): Dude, chill! (to Ross) Okay, we also kissed in  Barbados, but we didn't plan it, okay? And the only reason that that happened was because I saw you kissing Charlie.
Rachel: Yeah, you started it! I've got to chill.
Joey: Look, we probably should have talked to you about this before it  ever happened, but..
Rachel: We feel so terrible about this, Ross.
Joey: Yeah, but it did happen, so...
(Ross looks shocked and says nothing.)
Joey: Ross?
Rachel: Ross? (to Joey) Can we just close the door?
 OPENING CREDITS
   [Scene: Joey and Rachel's apartment. Continued from earlier.]
Rachel: Ross, say something. Anything.
Ross: So you two are..?
Joey and Rachel: Yeah.
Ross: And have you .. ed?
Joey: No, no, no!
Rachel: No, no, no!
Ross: But if I hadn't walked in here, would you..?
Joey: Probably.
(Rachel looks at him.)
Joey: No, no!
Rachel: Ross, this is not how we wanted you to find out about this.  You have every right to go nuts.
Ross: I'm not going nuts. Do you see me go nuts?
Rachel: No, but you know what I mean.
Ross: Hey, hey, hey... If you two are happy, then I'm happy for you.  (Squeaky.) I'm fine!
Joey: Really?
Ross: Absolutely. (Very Squeaky.) I'm fine! Totally fine. I don't know  why   it's coming out all loud and squeaky, 'cause really, (deep voice)  I'm fine.   I'm not saying I wasn't a little surprised to see you guys  kissing. I mean, at first I was like.. (Screams.) But now that I've had time to absorb it; Lovin' this.
Joey: Ross..
Ross: It's all working out! Me & Charlie, and you two. You know what   we should do?
Rachel: Calm ourselves?
Ross: No. We should all have dinner. Yes, we'll do it tomorrow night.   I'll cook!!
Joey: Look, don't you think that will be a little weird?
Ross: Weird? What? What's weird? The only thing weird would be if   someone didn't like Mexican food, because I'm making fajitas!! (Storms   off.)
Joey: I do like fajitas.
   [Scene: Central Perk. Monica and Chandler are there. They have lots of   brochures about adoption in front of them.]
Monica: God, this adoption stuff is so overwhelming. There's   inter-country adoption, dependency adoption.. There are so many ways   to go, and this is like the biggest decision of our lives.
Chandler: There's a hair in my coffee.
(Phoebe enters.)
Phoebe: Hey guys!
Monica: Hey.
Phoebe: Hey, have you seen Frank Jr., 'cause he's meeting me here with   the triplets.
Chandler: You know, it's funny. Every time you say "triplets," I   immediately think of three hot blonde 19-year olds.
(Monica glares at him.)
Monica: That's sweet. Drink your hair.
Phoebe: Hey, what's all this stuff?
Monica: Oh, they're brochures from different adoption agencies.
Phoebe: Ooh, babies! Oh, this one is so cute, get this one!
Monica: That's not really how it works.
Phoebe: Oh, how does it work?
Monica: I don't know!
Phoebe: Well, if you're having a hard time, you should talk to my   friends, Bill and Colleen. They adopted a kid. I'm sure they'd help   you.
Monica: Thanks, that would be great. Hey, honey, wouldn't that be   great?
(Chandler looks like he did the time he swallowed the toy in 605 TOW   Joey's Porsche. It's the hair in his coffee.)
(Frank Jr. and the triplets enter.)
Frank Jr.: Alright, alright, alright. Remember what we talked about.   When we're in a public place, there are certain rules.
(The triplets scream and run amok in the coffeehouse.)
Frank Jr.: That's not what we talked about!!
Phoebe: Hey!
Frank Jr.: Hey.
Phoebe: Good to see you.
Frank Jr.: Good to see you, too.
Monica: Hi Frank.
Frank Jr.: Hi, how you doin'?
Monica: Oh, my goodness, they've all gotten so big!
(Little Chandler is pulling Chandler's sweater, while Leslie is   throwing bagels at him.)
Monica: Which one is which again?
Frank Jr.: Oh, that's Frank Jr. Jr. pulling the tampons out of the   lady's purse. And that's Chandler climbing on Chandler, and that's   Leslie throwing bagels at him.
Monica (reads a form in her lap): "Willing to adopt triplets?" No!
   [Scene: The hallway in Ross's building. Joey and Rachel are on their   way to Ross's dinner.]
Joey: Ah, can I just say I know we're doing this for Ross, and that's   cool, but if it was up to me, this is not what we'd be doing on our   first date.
Rachel: Well, what would we be doing?
Joey: I'd take you out for a romantic night. Some champagne, fancy   dinner, feel you up on the carriage ride home...
Rachel: Feel me up?
Joey: In a carriage!
(Charlie walks up to them.)
Joey: Hey, Charlie!
Rachel: Hey.
Charlie: Hi, hi. So.. Dreading this?
Rachel: Oh, you bet.
(Joey sees that she's carrying a small red bag.)
Joey: So, did you bring a little something for Ross?
Charlie: Actually.. It's stuff you left at my apartment.
Joey: Oh. Oh, thanks.
Charlie: And you know, you can just give me my stuff whenever you   want.
Joey: Yeah, I didn't throw any of that out..
(They enter Ross's apartment. Ross is already quite hyper.)
Ross: I thought I heard voices! Hi Charlie! (Kisses her.) Hi Joey.   (Hugs him.) And.. Oh! You're gonna have to introduce me to your new   girlfriend. (Laughs.) I'm just kidding, I know Rachel, I know. (He   squeezes her hand.) Come, please come in. Come in.
Rachel: Okay, well, we brought you some wine.
Ross: Oh! That is so thoughtful. (To Joey.) She's a keeper. And what   did you bring me? (Grabs the bag that Charlie brought for Joey.)
Joey: Uh, actually, that's..
Ross: Underwear, a toothbrush, and Van Halen CD. I can use all these   things!!
Charlie: Gosh, Ross, you know, you seem a little...
Ross: What? Fine? Because I am! Aren't you? Aren't you? Aren't you?   You see? Who else is fine?
Joey: Okay, listen, hey, Ross. Why don't you try to relax, okay? Maybe   have a drink.
Ross: You know what? That is a very good idea. I'm gonna go make a   pitcher of Margaritas.
(Does a Mexican dancing-thing before going to the kitchen.)
   [Scene: Central Perk. Frank Jr., Phoebe and the triplets are there.   The triplets are now sleeping on top of each other on the couch.]
Phoebe: Oh, god. So adorable. Look at them sleeping there like angels.
Frank Jr.: Yeah, I really cherish these moments, 'cause before you   know it, they're gonna be awake again.
Phoebe: Well, they may be a handful, but they're so cute.
Frank Jr.: Yeah.
Phoebe: Oh, god, the last time I babysat them, they did the funniest   thing..
Frank Jr.: I haven't slept in four years!
Phoebe: That's a, that's a long time.
Frank Jr.: You just don't know how hard it is, Phoebe. There's just so   many of them. You know, two I can handle. Two's great. You just hold   one in each hand, but what do I do when the third one runs at me with   his bike helmet on. I've got no more hands to protect my area! There's   three of them, Phoebe, three!
Phoebe: Yeah, I know, Frank. I counted them when they were coming out   of my area.
Frank Jr.: Sometimes I think that.. Oh, no, no, no, I can't say it,   it's too horrible. No.
Phoebe: What?
Frank Jr.: No, I can't.
Phoebe: Oh my god, Frank, are you thinking of leaving? Because I   didn't have those triplets so you could just run out on them!
Frank Jr.: Oh, no! I would never do that. No. I just was thinking   that, you know, maybe you could take one.
Phoebe: What?! You can't separate them! That's terrible. Which one?
   [Scene: Bill and Colleen's apartment. Chandler and Monica enter.]
Monica: Thank you so much for seeing us. Phoebe has told us such great   things about you guys.
Colleen: Oh, please, we're happy to help.
Bill: We went through the same thing when we were adopting.
Chandler: So, a lot of malfunctioning wee-wees and hoo-hoos in this   room, huh?
(Bill and Colleen look shocked.)
Chandler: I mean, you have a lovely home.
Monica: Well, we appreciate anything you can tell us.
Colleen: Well, actually, I think this might help.
(She gives Monica a big binder that's perfectly in order.)
Colleen: It's pretty much all the information you need.
Monica: Oh my god!
Colleen: Everything is broken down into categories, and then   cross-referenced, and then colour-coded to correspond with the forms   in the back.
Monica: Thank you. (To Chandler.) I think I just had a tiny orgasm.
Bill: I know the process is frustrating, but it's so worth it.   Adopting Owen was the best thing that ever happened to us.
Chandler: That's great. (To Monica.) Can I see the book?
(Monica looks at him.)
Chandler: You want me to wash my hands first, don't you?
Monica: It's.. It's just so pretty and white.
Colleen: The bathroom is down the hall, to your left.
(Chandler leaves.)
Colleen: I would have told him to do it too.
Monica: Can I adopt you?
(Cut to the hall. Owen is wearing his scout-uniform and is looking   through a box when Chandler walks up to him.)
Chandler: Hey, you must be Owen.
Owen: Yeah.
Chandler: I'm Chandler. Hey, I was in the scouts too.
Owen: You were?
Chandler: Yeah, in fact my father was a den-mother.
Owen: Huh?
Chandler: You know how to use a compass?
Owen: I have a badge in it.
Chandler: You do? That's fantastic!
Owen: You wanna see it?
Chandler: I'd love to, but I gotta get back to talking to your   parents. They're telling us all about how they adopted you.
Owen: What?!?
Chandler: What?
Owen: I'm adopted?
(Chandler tries to come up with a good answer.)
Chandler: I got nothing.
   [Scene: Ross's apartment. Ross is totally wasted, but he's still   drinking all the margaritas.]
Ross: The first batch of margaritas was not so great, but the second   batch is gooooood.
Rachel: Well, maybe the next batch, we could all get some.
Ross: Oh, guys, this is fun, isn't it? You know? Just the four of us.   Just hangin'.
Joey: Dude, are you okay? And when are the fajitas gonna be ready?
Ross: I'm fine! Hey, I'm great! I'm just.. I'm just proud of us.   There's no weirdness, no tension.
Rachel: No awareness.
Ross: We make a great foursome. We should do more stuff together. Ooh!   Let's take a trip. Okay, where do you think we - we can go?
(The oven timer pings in the kitchen.)
Ross: My fajitas!!
(He runs off to the kitchen.)
Rachel: Look, Charlie, I just want you to know. Ross is just having a   little trouble adjusting to the thought of Joey and me. You know, he   normally doesn't drink like this.
Charlie: Oh, you know what? This is nothing. My father is a raging   alcoholic.
(Joey and Rachel don't know how to respond to that.)
Charlie: Oh, I'm sorry, have I made this evening uncomfortable?
(Ross enters carrying a frying pan with fajitas - without any oven   mitts.)
Ross: Fajitas! Be careful, very hot plate, very hot plate!!
Rachel: Ross, you don't even have oven mitts on!
(Ross laughs.)
Ross: That is gonna hurt tomorrow!
   [Scene: Central Perk. Frank Jr., Phoebe and the triplets are there.   Continued from earlier.]
Phoebe: Okay, well, this is crazy. Can't seriously be talking about me   taking one of your kids, can we?
Frank Jr.: No, of course we're not.
Phoebe: Insane.
Frank Jr.: I know.
Phoebe: Alice would never go for it, right?
Frank Jr.: Oh, I don't know, she's pretty tired, too, I think we've   got her onboard.
Phoebe: Well, just you know, for argument's sake, you know,   hypothetically. Which one would you be willing to give up?
Frank Jr.: Huh.
Phoebe: Frank Jr.Jr.?
Frank Jr.: Oh, you'd be getting a really good one. I mean, you know,   he's really funny. Like, the other day he made up this joke.
Phoebe: Uh-huh.
Frank Jr.: What's green and says "hey, I'm a frog"? A talking frog!   (Laughs.) Oh, no, you can't have him, he's too funny.
Phoebe: Well, alright, that's fine. What about Leslie?
Frank Jr.: Oh, no, no. Not Leslie. No, she's, she's the only one that   knows how to burp the alphabet.
Phoebe: Alright, so that leaves Chandler.
Frank Jr.: Oh, no, no, you can't have Chandler, no. No, no. She's my   little genius. I got big hopes for her. She's gonna be a doctor or a   realtor..
Phoebe: Wow, Frank. I think we just ran out of kids.
Frank Jr.: Oh, I think you're right. Oh, wow. Phoebe, I don't think I   can give one of them up. I mean, you know, they drive me crazy, but   they're my babies.
Phoebe: I'm sorry, Frank. I didn't realise things were so bad. You   know, I'll help out more. I can - I can babysit any time you want. You   name the day, and I'll be there.
Frank Jr.: How about tomorrow?
Phoebe: Well, that's not good. But you know, I can move some stuff   around, and I'll be there. You and Alice just take the whole day   together.
Frank Jr.: You'd do that for us?
Phoebe: Are you kidding? That's what sisters are for.
Frank Jr. (looks at the triplets): Look at them! Aw. I love you so   much. (Strokes Leslie's hair, and she moves a little.) Oh crap, don't   wake up, don't wake up!
   [Scene: Bill and Colleen's apartment. Chandler comes running into the   living room. Monica is the only one there.]
Chandler: Where are Bill and Colleen?
Monica: They're in the kitchen getting something to eat. Can you   believe how nice they are?
Chandler: We have to leave!!
Monica: Why? What did you do in the bathroom?
Chandler: I didn't get to the bathroom. I bumped into Owen on the way,   and he didn't know he was adopted. And there's a slight chance I may   have told him.
Monica: Oh my god, where's my purse? No, you know what? I can replace   everything in there. Get that binder, and let's go!
(Bill and Colleen enter.)
Colleen: Hey.
Bill: Some little snacks for everybody. Oh, you don't have to eat the   sour worms. Those are for Owen.
Colleen: I'll go get him in a second. By the way, you should know we   haven't told him he's adopted yet.
Chandler: But kids are so intuitive. Don't you think on some level he   already knows?
(Owen comes running in.)
Owen: I'm adopted?!
Chandler: See? Intuitive!
Bill: What? Where did you hear that?
Owen: He told me! And he paid me 50 dollars not to tell.
Chandler: Which technically now you should give back!
Colleen: You told him he's adopted?
Chandler: I'm so sorry, but you should have a sign out there or   something. Or at least whisper it to people when they come in the   door. "Owen doesn't know he's adopted, and he also thinks that Santa   is real."
Owen: He isn't?!
Chandler (to Monica): We have to get out of here, baby!
   [Scene: Ross's apartment. Rachel, Joey and Charlie are eating fajitas   when Ross enters from the kitchen.]
Ross: Everyone? I would like to make a toast to Rachel and Joey.
Rachel: Ooy.
Ross: And to love. Ah, love. L-O-V-E, love. L is for life. And what is   life without love?
Rachel: Oh my god, are we supposed to answer?
Ross: O is for "oh, wow!" The V is for this very surprising turn   of   events, which I'm still fine with by the way. E is for how extremely   normal I find it. That you two are together. And now one day you might   get married and have children of your own.
(Ross chokes up and pauses. Rachel and Joey look at him.)
Joey: Dude, are you okay?
Ross: Totally.
Rachel: Ross, you don't seem okay.
Ross (on the verge of tears): I'm sorry, it must be the pressure of   entertaining. I think everyone would feel better if we had some flan.
Charlie: Wait, Ross. Ross. I - I have to take off.
Ross: No!
Charlie: I'm sorry, I have a really early class in the morning, but   this has been lovely.
Ross: Wasn't it? And you thought it would be awkward with Joey and   that you never really liked Rachel.
Charlie: You're on fire! I'll call you in the morning, okay?
Ross: Okay.
Charlie: Alright.
(Ross goes to the kitchen.)
Charlie: God, Rachel, what Ross just said that is just so..
Rachel: Oh, that's okay, girls tend not to like me.
Charlie: Bye.
(Ross enters from the kitchen with three plates with flan.)
Ross: Okay, I guess it's just flan for three! Hey, hey, that rhymed!
Rachel: You know what, Ross? I think we're gonna take off too.
Ross: Oh, oh. Of course. God, I'm so stupid. You guys are a couple   now. I mean, you probably just want to be alone.
Rachel: No, no, it's just that it's getting late...
Ross: Hey, hey, it's fine. It's totally fine. We've got plenty of   margaritas. It's all good.
(The oven timer pings again.)
Ross: I don't even know what that's for.
(He goes back to the kitchen.)
Joey: You know what? I think I'm gonna stay here and make sure he's   okay.
Rachel: Yeah, that's probably a good idea.
Joey: Yeah. I'll see you in the morning.
Rachel: Uh-huh. Okay. You know what, Joey, I don't think he's ever   gonna be okay with this.
Joey: It doesn't look good, does it?
(They kiss each other on the cheek, and Rachel leaves.)
   [Scene: Ross's apartment the next morning. Ross is very hung-over on   the couch as Joey enters with a cup of coffee for him.]
Joey: Morning. Here you go.
Ross: Thanks. Did you stay here all night?
Joey: Yeah.
Ross: So you took off my pants and shoes?
Joey: No, no, no. You actually did that when you were dancing to the   Chicago-soundtrack. Look, Ross, about, about Rachel and I. Listen, you   don't have to worry about that, okay? Because nothing is gonna happen.
Ross: What do you mean?
Joey: Well, she and I said from the beginning that we weren't gonna do   anything unless you were okay with it. And clearly..
Ross: Hey, what are you talking about? I'm fine!
Joey: It's okay, Ross, alright? I totally understand. Of course you're   not fine. You're.. You're Ross and Rachel.
Ross: Except we're not. I mean, we haven't been a couple in like, six   years. Oh my god, is that right? Has it been that long?
Joey: That's what I hear, yeah.
Ross: This is crazy. I mean, six years? And because of me you guys   aren't gonna be together? Can I ask you something? Really, what is   this thing with you and Rachel?
Joey: Come on, I mean, you know me, you know...
Ross: Joey.
Joey: I'm crazy about her.
Ross: And she feels the same way?
Joey: I think so.
Ross: Well, then, maybe it's time we all moved on.
Joey: Yeah, but, Ross, I mean, you're not okay with it.
Ross: No, but I wanna be. Hey, I will be. Besides, I'm with Charlie,   right? Oh my god, I'm still with Charlie, aren't I? I mean, she didn't   see the dance, did she?
Joey: No, no, no, no, that was - that was just for me. Are you sure   about this?
Ross: Yeah, I'm sure.
Joey: And we're okay?
(Ross smiles and holds up his hand for a high-five, but he has   forgotten about his burnt hands. He gasps in pain as Joey grabs his   hand.)
 ENDING CREDITS
   [Scene: Central Perk. Monica and Chandler enter to find Phoebe there   with the triplets.]
Monica: Hey, Phoebs
Phoebe: Hey.
Monica: Uhm, we just wanna give you a heads-up. Bill and Colleen hate   us.
Chandler: Owen didn't know he was adopted, and Monica told him.
Monica: What?
Phoebe: Still, he had to find out sometime.
Chandler: Yeah, but how would you like it if someone told the triplets   that you gave birth to them?
(The triplets stare at him.)
Chandler: I'm gonna go tell Emma she was an accident. (Runs off.) 
THE END